I'm here with my documentarian hero
James Fox and US filmmaker James
Fox this message goes out to whoever's
piloting UFOs providing your presence is
friendly which it appears to be reveal
yourself soon so my friends and family
will stop thinking I'm crazy for Chasing
The elusive UFOs this is James Fox
signing out uh who's made an incredible
I think what seven documents menies at
this point yeah it's like six and half
six and a half or seven cuz I did uh a
couple of versions of out of the blue
uhuh so I count that as almost two but
it's at least one and a half cuz I spent
another two and a half years completely
revamping it so I did 50 years of denial
then it was out of the blue I a blue
director's cut I know what I saw the
phenomenon moment of contact shoot I
guess this would well six and and the
and the program which is coming out we
just had this amazing screening last
night with Hal put off of all people
who's a star of the documentary itself
our detection platforms are so well
Advanced so we could see a lot
more then it really is a zoo of options
and possibilities and it's just
incredible and so I I hope you're very
proud of it and uh I know this has been
a long slog many decades for you and I I
feel lucky to kind of ride the coattails
you know kind of draft aerodynamically
behind people like you so I'm I'm very
grateful to you and thank you for for do
oh thank you I love seeing younger
people the new
generation recognizing how significant
the story is it's it's it's uh you know
I used to often ask people when I was
first started out they'd go you don't
you know you don't actually believe in
this [__] do they literally would say
that to me and I'd say well let me ask
you if it were true and I'm not telling
you to believe that it's true but if it
were how significant of a story would
you give it and everybody says be the
biggest story in history I was like well
I'm convinced it's happening so it's not
a story that's easily just dropped right
yeah kind of changes everything totally
from from math science physics to
religion to to to everything and it's
interesting I was with Danny shean as
you know you're friends with him as well
just interviewed him and he was talking
about the root of the word uh religion
is relig religare which means to relink
the Latin root of religion is religare
uh which is like to relink and so in
some ways I think what you're doing is
relinking us to our true kind of
epistemology which is knowing that these
other beings might exist and may maybe
in the past we we did know that and and
we've forgotten for a very long time I
don't know what do you what do you think
well I think what's really exciting
about it is that the phenomenon I refer
to um transcends politics transcends
religion transcends borders
it's one of the few topics that is
really encouraging to see both Democrats
and Republicans working together on yeah
we're going to uncover the cover up and
I hope this is just the beginning of
many more hearings and more people
coming forward about this we should have
disclosure today we should have
disclosure tomorrow the time has come
and it's that that really excites me
because we're live in such polarized
times so to see that and for people to
recognize like this is bigger than all
of us right this is potentially has
something to do with the bigger picture
of who we are our our place in the
universe and our very existence so it's
it's very exciting I mean people ask me
like do you think it's scary I'm like no
I don't think it's scary at all yeah I
think it trivializes our differences
totally and and in many ways I think
people always worry about it sort of
debunking or overthrowing religion I
think it reinforces religion I think if
you actually look at a lot of biblical
stories uh that stuff becomes a lot more
real and less mythical and so I think in
some it's reinforcing and and this sort
of Cold War era kind of low energy
thinking of like you know we can't
accept this this truth might just not
make sense in fact it might actually
reenchant us I interviewed a theologian
at Berkeley named Ted Peters way back
from my first film UFO's 50 years of
denial because everyone was like well it
conflicts with religion and he's like no
it doesn't and he gave of course he's a
theologian at Berkeley and he's also
like part of the science uh uh you know
science and
theology at Berkeley University so he's
like there's room for both and there's
room
for all God's creation you know it's
we're we're just part of a much bigger
picture and I thought that was cuz I
thought that was an important aspect of
of accepting the phenomenon not being
afraid of it or assuming that it was
demonic yeah or just because we can't
explain it doesn't mean we shouldn't
look into it or doesn't mean that you
know totally it doesn't exist religions
there are beings between man and God on
the in the Consciousness chain so to
speak so well I mean gosh you think
about it imagine caveman watch this a
flying saucer descend out of the sky
they'd probably think of them of gods
you know yeah or think about us landing
in you know North Sentinel Island or
French Polynesia back in the day you
know it's like what what are these
things what's going on so well yeah it's
I'm so excited to be here I I don't even
know where to start I mean there's so
many jumping off points but how did you
get into guess UFOs to begin
with so I had a really good friend this
guy Renee Harris and um in high school
and uh we when we when we graduated at
18 we uh we flew to Europe we bought an
old beat up uh Fiat 131 in London and we
painted the doors we wanted to kind of
spice it up a little bit so we pained
the doors red and the rest of the body
was white and we're we're going to take
this car and we're going to drive it all
the way down to Port Portugal and I
remember my aunt was thinking oh my God
these guys aren't going to make it to
the to the Chan to the English Channel
right and so we drove across Europe
together in this old Fiat 131 and and uh
just had a wonderful time and and um
that was like six weeks across Europe
and then he flew home a little early and
I stayed on and we re we just kind
of you know life happens and we just
kind of lost contact for a couple of
years and then I came back and we
reconnected when I was like 23 and he
was all into like UFOs and alien
spaceships and Roswell and and I
remember thinking to myself God what a
bummer man I'm going to lose one of my
best friends I'm GNA have to cut this
guy loose cuz he's clearly lost his mind
I'm serious I I was what a bummer I was
like this is such a bummer it was like
one of my closest friends you know and
so I was like lamenting about it at the
work I was a I was a uh kind of a go for
at a production facility in San
Francisco and there was a guy that was
my boss uh Richard vanle and I said
Richard and I really looked up to him
he's very smart and and really just educ
really great guy so rich just my buddy
and man I'm have to cut him loose he's
just all into like these UFOs he's
talking about and he's talking that an
alien spaceship crashed in Roswell and I
was expecting him to go oh my gosh thank
God you cut that he goes James you
haven't heard about that you haven't
heard about Roswell I was like how would
I have no I haven't heard about Roswell
he goes ah yeah the US government
actually admitted that they recovered I
said really so I started like looking
into it reluctantly and I thought wow
there's something going on I I want to
know what's going on would you ever open
up Roswell and let us know what's really
going on there so many people asked me
that question I know it sounds almost
ridiculous but it's actually the real
question sounds like a cute question but
it's actually there are millions and
millions of people that want to go there
that want to see it I won't talk to you
about what I know about it but it's very
interesting but roswell's a very
interesting place with a lot of people
that would like to know what's going on
yeah so I and that was it I went to a
few conferences I met some some military
folks and I thought I think I'm going to
make a documentary on
UFOs and I remember my dad who was a
mainstream journalist and uh he was like
son you have lost your marbles you've
got to reconsider he said it's a deadend
street it's not going anywhere don't
waste your time and uh of course that
drove me even
even and uh and so I stuck my teeth into
it and and I made my first dog it's
interesting too it's like people on the
outside looking at
UFOs often just assume there's nothing
there but I think the second you like
take it Ser it's like almost like a week
into taking it a little more seriously
you start to gather probably enough data
even in that week to make your like
probability that there you know there's
something there something here where the
investigation like it becomes very clear
like pretty quickly actually once you
kind of flip it looks like that we have
a problem here that needs further
investigation yes okay so I remember
when I was 19 I was dating this girl
Rachel Miller and she was a year older
than me and she goes oh my previous
boyfriend was really into UFOs and I
remember immediately like just like
going why would she date a freak the
UFOs like what it really kind of
affected my thinking about her judgment
and like who she was as a person I was
thinking to myself gosh but how was that
sort of impregnated in me why was that
why did I have that n- jerk response you
know what I mean I was like SED thinking
about as I learned more about the
phenomenon and the relationship between
the government in the phenomenon you
know the Robertson panel in 1953
absolutely adopted this policy of
ridicule and it was very effective
campaign and it and it it stuck the
Robertson panel was a scientific
committee which met in January
1953 headed by Howard P Robertson the
panel arose from a recommendation to the
intelligence advisory committee in
December 1952 from a Central
Intelligence Agency review of the US Air
Force investigation into unidentified
flying objects Project Blue Book and
that was a classified document for
anybody who thinks that was some sort of
scop or whatever that That was supposed
to be classified and came out later and
it was let's systematically downplay
UFOs through media books movies
everything cuz what's funny about a
pilot claiming to see something that he
can't explain that's actually should be
of concern yes some of them appeared to
remain stationary in winds Aloft move
against the wind maneuver abruptly or
move at considerable Speed without
discernable means of
propulsion um that's pretty intriguing I
mean you're picking up something on
radar you're seeing it visually the
towers got it and yet
this policy of ridicule and laughter
just really stuck and it was a very
effective I have to hand it to him it
was very effective it was a very
effective campaign and it was kind of in
some ways the Constitution for Blue Book
like it became the Mandate for them to
you know swamp guas and you know the
lights and what you know the easy ways
to rationalize explain away you know
what was actually going on and I think
there's actually this 1971 document that
came out of Australia from The Joint
intelligence organization by their head
of their nulear division named Harry
Turner between 1952 and
1963 the British government conducted
nuclear tests in Australia including the
montabello islands maralinga and emu
field during this period young physicist
Harry Turner observed and investigated
mysterious phenomena that he believed
were unidentified anomalous phenomena
his experiences led him to advocate for
serious and thorough investigation of
UFOs and he's doing this whole retros
perspective on American inquiries into
anti-gravity and UFOs and he basically
makes the case that there's this
cleavage almost where the cia's office
of scientific intelligence splits off
and they're studying the real stuff and
then you have the Air Force and blue
book and it's just this kind of fake
sham you know understaffed job exactly
so I remember uh jacqu talking about a
document that he accidentally found in
the files of Dr jayen heinik Who was the
scientific adviser to Project Blue Book
in my association with Project Blue Book
I don't I know very well that it was not
a scientific project also I also know
that they never never would notify the
media when an interesting case came up
they did everything they could to keep
it down so they definitely withheld
information um and jacqu worked with uh
Dr heinik and I guess heinik was asking
him to help organize his files and he
came jacqu valet Came Upon a file of of
a document that was classified that he
shouldn't have seen uh that basically
talked about this a program that
paralleled Project Blue Book but it was
way underground with way more funding
way better scientists all these things
the document revealed an ultra secret
highly funded scientific investigation
working parallel to Blue Book unknown to
all but a select few the letter was
signed by HC cross director of exotic
Metallurgy at Batel National
Laboratories which he ultimately got
publicly released for we feat we
featured it in the phenomenon but it was
a it was a parallel effort it had just
gone underground do we know anybody
involved in that
effort it's in the phenomenon and I
don't know if there's any particular
names there probably were I'd have to
look back it's been a few years since
I've seen the document but but basically
the implication was there was a a a very
well-funded uh you know panel of
imminent scient eminent scientists that
that were involved and that the project
Bluebook was just a dog and pony show
the phenomena by the way is an
incredible movie and I want to say half
my friends got converted into believing
in in UFOs from that movie it's just so
comprehensive and detail oriented and um
yeah I I remember that part of of that
uh movie and and then I interviewed Jo
and I think I had forgotten that there
was a deeper program Than Blue Book and
he goes there was you know there was a
deeper program that the Air Force had
around this this stuff they had a real
project going on that was secret okay is
that true and the Air Force did oh I
didn't know that um and in this
Australian document they do mention
Freeman Dyson Edward Teller had you know
father of the hbomb Robert oppenheimer's
mentioned John Wheeler so guys who are
you know we just made a $130 million
movie on Oppenheimer it would be
mindblowing if he you know was part of
any of the UFO stuff and there's a book
by William Steinman called you know um
UFO crash about the Aztec crash
retrieval and they say Oppenheimer was
part of the retrieval team it wouldn't
surprise me because if you you know if
these accounts are true and of course I
believe they are these crash retrieval
accounts you'd want the the best mines
you would you need the best you need the
best mines so yeah Auto yeah of course
you would and you have these weird you
know so Oppenheimer was facing this King
karoo court it's documented in the in
the Nolan movie you know supposedly the
kangaroo court was around you know his
sympathies for the com you know
Communists or whatever shmooing with
socialists in the 30s and 40s whatever
but uh there's a theory out there that
maybe it was actually around UFOs and so
that the head of the kangaroo court was
a guy named Gordon gray who you know who
knows whether the mj12 Majestic 12 stuff
is real you know the dubious kind of
Origins as you're very aware of uh
but if it was Gordon gray was on the
Majestic 12 mj12 or magic 12 or Majestic
this document is easily the most
controversial in UFO circles it is
supposedly a briefing document prepared
in 1952 for president-elect Dwight
Eisenhower explaining that a secret
group of scientists and military men had
been created by President Truman to
study the UFO situation and to keep a
lid on it and so the guy who might have
been on Truman's you know official UFO
panel Eisen 's official UFO you know
advisory team is heading up the kangaroo
Court basically stripping Oppenheimer of
his Q clearance and there's some very
weird quotes in that transcript as well
it's it's online now and you have Von
neyman defending Oppenheimer saying uh
you know don't don't blame him too much
it took him a while to accommodate to
the new Buck Rogers universe that we're
living in so it's like like weird stuff
like that like why are you referencing
Buck Rogers you space travel time travel
you know strange stuff like that and
then he and and Oppenheimer keeps saying
a lot happened between 45 and 49 he
keeps saying that really and when did
all the crashes happen a lot of the
crashes 45 49 and if it were really
about you know leakages in the uh
Manhattan Project or socialist
sympathies or whatever that would be 41
through 45 it wouldn't have anything to
do with so anyways yeah well you know
it's funny because people often ask me
because I've had an I've been I'm
actually quite skeptical at a lot of the
cases that I've reported on over the
years I didn't believe when I first
heard about them I didn't believe
Roswell why would I believe Roswell if
an alien spaceship crashed and live
aliens were recovered how do you cover
something like that up with the level of
involvement with all the different
military folks you know that's that was
the skeptic in me going this is
impossible right one of the things I've
learned over the years over the decades
is to suspend judgment and at least
listen the testimony and and review the
evidence because I have that knee-jerk
reaction of that's impossible like but
it's good it's good you have that yeah
because I think you wouldn't be where
you are if you just if your knee-jerk
reaction was credulousness you just
believed everything you know I think I
think it it adds an element of trust for
people when they watch your movies I
think of like okay well that that old
expression extraordinary claims require
extraordinary evidence this you know
that's that's legitimate and that's
understandable right but I think of it
the sense of all right if I'm going to
report on a particular incident let's
say it's a landing case take Australia
1966 westall um I feel like my job as a
filmmaker is to sway a jury and I'm not
trying to manipulate anybody or anything
but I want to put forth the right
evidence to like let the jury know
beyond a reasonable doubt that something
like this did occur right so I'm always
thinking about my films is presented to
a jury or let's say I got a skeptic in
the crowd I'm going to cater to that
skeptic yeah that's what I'm thinking
the whole time when I'm making a film
like if I'm going to report on a landing
case I better have a pretty compelling
story multiple eyewitness testimony
things of that nature then it like then
I started to report on not just Landings
but people you know reporting being
associated and connected to the craft
that's a slippery slope right
particularly when I you know I remember
when I did the
phenomenon I got that really big break
and I got an interview with Senator Reed
former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
and he wouldn't sign off on the I don't
blame him he wouldn't sign off on the
movie until after he could see it right
well I had excuse me an alleged Landing
case in Ru Zimbabwe 1994 where roughly
you know there were 66 school children
reported there were 100 school children
in the playground when it happened we
saw this like a silver thing down thing
it was a silver oval thing that um flew
past really slowly I saw the bigger one
and a spaceship like four or five of
them it was red green and yellow there
was this big ship it had these lights
these patterns and it FLW and a lot of
them reporting these little entities and
then there's telepathic communication
with these little entities well that's
in the movie that said to read is it I'm
like he's going to take a look at this
movie and go take me out right yeah yeah
but I wanted to do it in a way where I
had that skeptic in the crowd or I'm
presenting my case to a jury and that's
how I think about it when I'm editing
films yeah I'm not catering to people
that already know about the phenomenon
of course I want them to enjoy it too
yeah for obvious reasons but I I'm
thinking about that skeptic I'm thinking
about the one that's constantly
accusing the phenomenon is only having
anecdotal evidence well excuse me
there's so much more than anecdotal
evidence beond so much more yeah I
actually think the quote uh
extraordinary claims require
extraordinary EV extraordinary evidence
is massively overused when it comes to
UFOs because I think we have
extraordinary and I think the better
thing is extraordinary evidence requires
extraordinary investigation and there
are a few people yourself included you
know I could name four others or
something it's like a very short list of
people that are actually doing the
extraordinary investigation but we have
we have we're oversaturated in data we
have an abundance of evidence it's
really about people's uh epistemology
and beijan reasoning where I just got
hammered for so long on that that it was
like I got so tired of hearing that but
people would say that to me all the time
and I'm like photographing radar visual
like all these you call that anecdotal
that's not anecdotal that's everything
but having the craft in their possession
right no you you are told as a kid or
something this can't be real and you're
putting it a priori in this bucket of
not real and that's it and you you have
to admit that at a certain point if you
if you actually sat down you were locked
in a classroom and you were shown slides
of these very real artifacts all of
which you've uncovered you'd have to
come out being like okay my base case is
there's there's something real here and
then we have to invest figure out how to
classify it it's called The phenomena
cuz it's hard to classify but there's
something going on so I yeah I'm with
you it's Global it's ubiquitous it's
like people say to me like well what
conclusions have you drawn from all the
years and because I'm coming to the
conclusion
that I'm probably not going to know
what's really going on I'm probably not
going to ever get the full picture right
yeah I mean maybe but I doubt it you
might maybe maybe you're taking on a
craft and giving it
download but but you know one of the
summaries I would give that I feel quite
comfortable the conclusion that I have
reached is that the phenomenon is has
the ability to manifest
itself it's ubiquitous and it can
manifest itself in like a physical form
like technologically like an engineered
craft yeah but also has a psychic
ability as well right I remember
interviewing this guy who was a former I
think he was a North Northwest Airlines
North
anyway uh he's just he's actually in
Arizona and he just a real honest
sincere salt of the earth character that
was a pilot and had an incredible
experience and and uh he goes he goes ah
there's something
else and and and and I said well what is
it and he goes ah I can't I can't tell
you and I could tell he was like he knew
how ridiculous what he was about to say
sounded you know because he's a very
pragmatic guy and just a grounded pilot
you know a commercial pilot and um I
said no give it to me you know tell
me you know and then he finally goes
talk to me yeah he was a it was it North
Northwest Airlines I'm sorry I'm trying
to remember the name but yeah um he said
that and that was like kind of the first
time where I really learn started
learning about the psychic nature that a
lot of people have seen craft and had
that communication you know pretty
instant communication or be you
know it was like in the world all the
trees will just go down
and and there will be no air and people
will be dying mhm and those thoughts
came to you had you had those thoughts
before this experience no no and did how
did those thoughts come to you did they
come to you
from the craft or from from the man the
men which sounds crazy to a lot of
people that don't aren't familiar with
the phenomenon but there are a lot of
Close Encounters of the and I remind
people CU I deal with one in the program
right this is nothing new there's been
reports of Close Encounters of the Third
Kind dating back to the early 1940s and
probably Millennia right but at least
modern day versions of that and I remind
people it's like okay this I know this
sounds a little crazy however let me
remind you yeah that the very person who
documented or researched UFO cases for
the United States government Dr heinik
uh from 47 to 69 or 70 um he's the one
that coined the phrase close and counter
of the first kind close and counter of
the second kind and close Encounter of
the Third Kind so that's been going on
for decades for decades yeah very
credible reports can we get into the
story you tell in the program of a
face-to-face interaction US Air Force
Master Sergeant Jason sanss was
stationed at the nearby Nellis Airbase
with the 67th intelligence group at the
time this previous week the UFO came on
the Range flew right by the what we
called the schoolhouse because that's
where we did the training and it went
down into the valley and continued on so
they have actual video of it and that's
what you see out there in the public
this Nellis range UFO E1 control doesn't
know what typ aircraft it is either
that's his truth yeah we have the names
of the other on duty military personnel
yes we have a location and we have a
date
yes I opted to report on it even though
I don't I can't prove that it happened
yeah but I think it's a pretty
compelling account what's the location
it was excuse me um
Nellis Nellis testing range in Nevada
1994 it was August it's pretty wild it's
pretty wild I mean you've you've heard
but it doesn't not pattern match to
Other Stories like I don't know if you
have you heard of uh Colonel Charles
Hall I was given a clearance to allow me
to go anywhere anywhere in Dreamland as
long as I was alone I discovered that up
there at the North End of Indian Springs
Valley which you can see on the map in
the state of Nevada here in America that
there was a base which the US Air Force
maintained for a group of
extraterrestrials who were tall and
white yes similar sort of story you know
and I guess in his case it was more
these kind of tall white Nordic looking
aliens but it was in Area 51 so you know
probably not too far and I I don't know
I mean but but that's that's amazing
hman
yeah hman I saw a footage of three dis
shaped crafts one of the craft landed
and two of them went away why did it
land it appeared to be in trouble
because it oscillated all the way down
to the ground however it did land on
three pods a sliding door open a ramp
was extended and out came three
aliens I did not believe that case
landing at holon and the beans come out
and interact with base commanders I was
like please and that those these were
Nordic beings right
well they were described as like uh cuz
I actually talked to a guy Alan Sandler
who saw the footage believe it or not I
mean it's amazing like and I found that
out after at least a year of knowing the
guy that came out and he said that they
looked um like Egyptian headwear big
noses I think he said that his the the
the eyes were vertical like a cat wow
yeah and
um I'm trying to remember to describe
the skin of them but they had like a
device but they didn't have much of a
chin or a mouth and they had a one of
them had a device that looked like what
he was interpreting as
a communication device of sorts he
didn't know but that's what he said it
looked like but he goes uh you know a
lot of times when I if you want me to go
into the story I will yeah okay so and
the reason why I'll tell you this is
that I did not believe what I'm about to
tell you guys and I'm sure a lot of your
audience have heard of this heard about
this case um
it was probably in the early
1960s maybe 64 65 was it 64 yeah I don't
know the exact date and there was a
landing case that I was investigating at
sakur New Mexico that happened April
24th 1964 and in the process of
investigating that was one of the cases
that caused Dr hinck to do a complete
180 on close en counters of the Third
Kind and I'll go back a little bit uh
jacqu valet had just met with Dr
at rright patteron Air Force Base in
Dayton Ohio in
1964 and he was telling heinik look you
got to look into these cases that are
classified in Project Blue Book files as
psychological because those are reports
of witnesses claiming to see beings
connected to the
craft and I guess they're just putting
them down as psychological because
they're just assuming that the witnesses
have lost their marbles excuse me and uh
and so he was like you got to look into
these cases and the H like okay you know
you know and he's given some examples in
France in the ' 50s and and like
literally like a week later he gets the
phone call about the landing in sakur
New Mexico that involved the police
officer by the name of Lon Zamora so
anyway I'm really sticking my teeth into
that case I'm getting to know his family
his wife I go to the National Archives
with the guy wrote the book on it Jay
Ray Sanford um Soro saucer in the
Pentagon pantry and um and I come across
these articles uh in the UFO bulletin by
a woman named carral Lorenzen excuse me
if I don't pronounce her name correctly
but she was writing articles about a
landing that happened at Hallman right
around the same
time very very credible reporter she was
thought in the UFO Community to be very
credible like if she put something out
there it was thoroughly researched and
it was there was substance to it so I
read one article and she had uh I think
some military officials that were
interviewing uh they might have been
Anonymous and then another one was a
pilot so it's two separate articles
about this Landing hman so that was
pretty much the first credible time I'd
really heard about it right cuz I just
quickly dismissed it in the past well
I'm going all right well I'm
investigating a case The Landing case in
zakuro hman is just a stone throw away
from zakuro where where the crow flies I
believe that the creatures you know that
that that sakuro happened it was the
case that turned around heik why not
have cameras rolling and have it happen
just you know at White Sands or Air
Force Base which is really close by so I
was open to it mhm then I I watched uh
I'll give you the truncated version I
watched the documentary UFOs past
present and future by em Ander and alen
Sandler and that talks about an event
that may have happened or may or that
could happen may have already happened
or maybe it you know or it could happen
and I was about the landing and in in
hman Air Force Base and that the beans
got out and interacted with the base
Commanders so I was like huh that's
interesting they had a when you say may
have happened or could happen that's the
way they phrased it in the film okay so
they're being a little like uh you know
treuth yeah it was like you know this
might have happened already or maybe it
will happen a little plausible
deniability yeah you know and everything
else was so carefully choreographed in
the movie they had
unprecedented cooperation with active
and retired military personnel going on
to Air Force bases like these guys
something was up with that movie during
that time they had unprecedented
assassin so anyway so then I get in
touch with the filmmakers &er I
interviewed him and he's like yeah that
you know that event really happened we
were going to we were going to get the
the the video and and feature it in the
film and then uh the last minute they
they pulled it whatever and so then I'm
talking to alen Sandler about it and
this is going on over a couple of year
period and alen's like oh I saw the
film excuse me you what he goes I saw
the film I said the one at Vander Air
Force base with the no MM the lane at
hullman I said you saw the film and I
was driving my car and what I do a lot
of times is I I like to close my eyes
and listen to words and have those words
recreate the imagery in my brain so it's
almost like I'm reliving The Experience
through them right so I pull the car
over I said Allan what did you see I
need every detail like what did it look
like he goes well he goes it might have
been a training video I don't know but
it was real flying sauce and there were
three flying saucers that came in over
the base it was I don't know what time
of day but it was it was Daylight and
there and the film there was film of
three uh discs at a relatively high
altitude coming in over the base and
then two peel away and one and they were
escorted by military jets and then one
comes down he said it was like a like a
leaf almost he he thought it was in
trouble the way it was flying but I've
heard that description from a lot of
people that it kind of flutters like
floats down like that right so that he
described it he said it was kind of
floating and he's like well it looked
like it might have been in trouble I'm
thinking to myself that's I've heard
that before the way it's coming down so
it comes
down he goes it it landed and um he goes
you know James it was just like a sci-fi
movie you know those doors just open and
there's no seam or anything he said
that's what it looked like it opened and
dropped and then
two uh
individuals beings aliens whatever you
want to call them this is according to
Alan Sandler he told me this they came
out and they flanked the stairs on
either side and then the main guy got
out and he had like a Egyptian he
described it as Egyptian the description
in the film is very similar and a being
with big eyes and vertical slits
tall Egyptian hair or head gear I don't
know uh vertical eyes vertical slits big
eyes big
nose mouth almost non-existent little
slit very small chins and came out and
had a he said he had a device that he
thought was an interpretation you
interpreter you know to help communicate
and that they met with Military Officers
and then they got into a Jeep and then
they went off and then the film just
ended with the disc just sitting there
on the on on on the base and Paul Charle
at nordon Air Force Base showed it to
him because Paul got a call from a guy
named Colonel um Colonel Coleman it was
a guy I interviewed who was uh public
relations at the Pentagon in the 70s I
interviewed Coleman about it and
um he yeah his story his recollection
but anyway he he had called I guess the
debase hey these guys are doing a
documentary on UFOs cooperate you know
give them access whatever not real
realizing that Paul shle had just
processed some film of this L at Hallman
so Paul happens to show it to Allan and
Bob wasn't there that day uh at Norton
Air Force Base and men in suits either
later that day or the very next morning
showed up confiscated the footage and
said don't ever talk about it and do you
know who the men in suits work for no
idea I'm just telling you what what what
he told me and Paul charl few years
later was involved with a head-on
collision with him and his wife he was
dead oh Jesus and uh so he's gone Paul
Charle did go on a TV show you can
Google it with Bob eeger talking about
it are you conspiratorial at all about
the head-on
collision I mean it's a bummer
definitely a bummer yeah you know and
then Allan didn't tell Bob egger and
then I when Allan told me I I've
actually got video footage of it
somewhere I did a in Bob's dead now Bob
emer's dead but I did an extended
interview with Bob eer this craft came
in there were three of them one of them
wobbled down to the ground and landed
and apparently the base was alerted to
it and uh went out to meet it and
uh the this craft door opened and
three normal looking no they weren't
normal looking but short five foot high
people came out with sort of a blue
gray complexion and they had a some sort
of a headgear on and uh he describing
this to us so Allan so I got I get on
the phone I was in I think I was in was
I in Florida anyway I got him on the
phone and I said Bob did you know that
your partner the the guy you did the
movie with saw the landing footage at
Alman airb base and he didn't know and
Allan never told he like well you know I
you never told and I got the two of them
talking on the phone about it but Allan
swears up and down that he saw that
footage what did you see on the film was
it color was it black and white was
black and white it was black and white I
saw you me black white friend but it was
nothing other than what we end said in
the book we see this thing this round
thing and it wasn't that stable funny
part and it landed and a door opened and
guys come out looking like they were
outer space
guys I think about if I could could I
sway a jury at this point I don't know
but I based on the research that I've
done on the Hollowman Landing case I
kind believe it happened yeah you know
and so that I hear this other story that
I'm reporting on in the program now yeah
to those skeptic out there I can't prove
that it happened I certainly can't but
we have a date we have a location and we
have three other active at the time on
duty military
personnel you
know let's dig into it further for sure
yes you it's too significant if it
happened it's too important to just
dismiss because of a lack of of evidence
well it's hard to look into something if
you don't know about it of course yeah
no and I think widening the surface area
on something and saying I think it's
true yeah but we also need to look more
into it a very valid form of right I
mean it's like yeah it's like just like
Virginia you know I'm hoping additional
witnesses will come forward and they
have yeah well that that you have an
overwhelming amount of evidence you
start off like that sure yeah well
that's I want to talk about that I mean
that that's an it was 1996 is that right
in
1996 Virginia Brazil became the center
of a UFO incident when residents
reported sightings of strange creatures
and a UFO crash claims followed that
extraterrestrials were taken to a
hospital with military and government
Personnel seen in the area 1996 Virginia
which is in between uh Brazilia and re
Rio de Janeiro and you go down there and
you make this moment of Contact movie
which I I find just fascinating the the
abundance of people in this town who
believe something happened here and then
the witnesses that you interview
firsthand and some of the crazy stuff
like the you know uh uh the guy dying
from being exposed to the being I tell
me about that process it's just crazy
because so a little known fact I um was
doing out of the blue in the in the late
90s and this case had just happened a
couple years earlier and I had a partner
this guy Tim Coleman who's a former BBC
correspondent super smart guy walking
encyclopedia massive respect for this
guy and and uh we were like mapping out
out of the blue and we were putting
ideas on the wall and and he's like ah
bloody H mate we got to go to Virginia
Brazil and investigate this UFO crash I
was like oh God I think I picked the
wrong
partner you're telling me that live
aliens are walking around the
town of a UFO like I looked at him like
oh God please not only did I not look
into it but I refused to look into it
for I
think 10 years maybe so when I made the
documentary he called me up he goes
bloody hell man you wouldn't even look
into it back in the day I said I said
you're right I'm sorry he goes I was the
first person to tell you about that case
that you didn't plenty well believe me
and I said I didn't Tim I'm sorry I tell
you what I'm going to give you a special
thanks Credit in the movie so I gave
even though he had nothing to do with it
that's awesome that he planted the seed
in the 990s and I remind your audience
like I'm making a documentary on UFOs my
second one and I heard about that story
and I refus to look into it because it's
like how is a UFO going to crash yeah
live aliens in broad
daylight walking around the town
cowering hiding
suffering like come on man really and
the whole world's not going to know
about that that's I I was like please
like that's impossible but you know what
I started looking into it I traveled
there five times over a 12year period
And I walked away going oh my God that
case
happened and I remember when I was
sticking my teeth into it I don't know
if I should use their names or not but a
couple of very prominent researchers in
the field that I have tremendous respect
for were telling me don't do this you're
going to tarnish your reputation you you
know you're working with all these Intel
folks and people you've got a great
level of access you're going to burn
you're going to just destroy all that by
reporting on this well I think you
proved them wrong you did an amazing job
and you show you know like this guy
Carlos duza and this Shi character who
was he he was a military officer right
who's who's handling the being did more
than handle it he just manhandled it
grabbed it can you imagine no total
Cowboy just gets out of the car and
grabs it and then it B that basically
ends up killing him as a result of the
side effects he sort of occurred he had
this oily greasy stuff on his body and
apparently according to friends and
family he was rubbing himself down with
rubbing alcohol trying to get it off of
him smell and the we were talking about
this last night with Hal put off Chase
Brandon uh wrote a a book called crypto
conundrum Chase Brandon is this I think
it's pseudonym for a CIA guy yeah cuz
you said he disaar appeared on you yes
so yeah so I think Chase BR is a
pseudonym and I think he's Hollywood Le
his own and he writes this this book
under his pseudonym but he writes about
Roswell and I know it's a bit of a
detour but it relates uh because he he
talks about Hillen coder and you know
one of the first CIA directors uh who
dealt with Roswell and the readout on
Roswell was this being and it was
emitting this sort of sulfuric you know
thing and the women that you interview
around Virginia also say I think it
might have been sulfur like there was
this is emitting this strong odor and in
its presence it's it's almost like you
know this like radioactive substance is
like coming off of it a day later they
could still smell it and also it
smelled smell that that was there as
soon as you entered the room yes it was
and that's what struck me as as unusual
why that this smelly junk would be piled
on the General's carpet that was one of
the few Recollections that I have that
didn't make sense I mean the hospital
where the be were reported reportedly
this they were done x-rays they had to
close that Wing in the hospital for like
weeks cuz the smell was so intense
that's so insane
and and and all these people they have
nothing really to gain by saying this in
fact many of them feel kind of
traumatized people knew the lengths that
I went to to get people to go on camera
like people think that they're just out
there trying to sell no it took years we
would find witnesses and they would like
I am not coming forward period's not
going to happen what's in it for me
yeah I was already threatened my family
was threatened I have nothing to gain by
by testifying on camera why would I do
that and the highest ranking military
guy that you
interviewed around an Anon anonymized
version of terrified he was like all the
money in the world it's not going to
happen I will not go on camera period
not going to happen like this how'd you
get it well I was like put me in the
room with him right yeah okay so we are
sitting here with military X
um who clearly doesn't want his identity
revealed which we're not going to do and
uh he's going to provide enough detail
not too much but enough detail on on
operations that he was involved with
with the Virginia case
I I I I look into people's eyes and I
just like like look into their souls and
just say this story is so much bigger
than any one of us yeah that you know
future Generations have a right to know
like what is is it going to take what
will it take to get you to you know what
I mean I'm ready to tell you everything
right now I do I look deep in their eyes
because I communicate on a more
spiritual level with people it's like
you know and and I and I remember when I
arrived in Australia some of the
researchers and I'm not tting my own
horn I'm just I mean I'm really bad at a
lot of things but some things I'm not
bad at and and uh I the researchers when
I arrived I was investigating this
Landing case happened in the 60s they're
like they like you know we've been going
at it for 50 years and these particular
Witnesses are never going to talk period
I just just get me in the room with them
I got two of them to talk after 50 years
so I I looked this guy in the eyes we it
was so sketchy man we drove up into the
depths of Brazil like 4 hours into the
night north of Virginia wow and uh maybe
5 hours it was thunderstorm and there
was lightning it was raining and we get
up there and there's this like bar that
kind of spills out into a dirt parking
lot and there were it just felt looked I
stood out so heavily you know when I got
there and two guys walk over to our car
they look inside then they get in the
back and let's go you know like all
right so they're taking us somewhere
else I don't know where they're taking
me you know I'm driving I'm thinking God
I hope this isn't a setup right you know
and then they drive me to some other
location and then we go to this bar and
it's outside as well and we all talking
he's just as paranoid as I am we were we
were both paranoid yeah you know and
he's looking at me like are you an agent
yeah are you a secret US government
agent I'm like no you can look me up you
know i' got a reputation I've been doing
this for 30 years like go ahead and
Google me you know one of the reasons he
might have been paranoid is because he
mentions to you that the body goes from
hospital to hospital but it ends up
probably going United States going to
the United
States he knows
yeah so they're not just like threatened
so we meet with him that window opens
people because people go oh yeah people
just trying to sell a crazy story I'm
like you have no idea what it took to
get every single witness on camera it
took years of begging and pleading you
know and there's still people that we
identified people that have the footage
people that don't even have any physical
evidence are terrified so there are
people that have the footage of no
question no question in my mind I've
talked to people that have seen it how
do we get that well so if I was there at
the time for an extra six weeks I'm
quite confident I would have come home
with it how would you have done that
well because I was in touch with the
people that had it right so the problem
was like for instance give you an
example why would they not they were
freaked out oh my God people were
freaked out without any evidence the
people with the evidence they were
terrified yeah ter how how did you even
know I had it you know what I mean kind
of thing
like we were about one day away from my
buddy Marco going with military
X to this individual's house I was going
to go he was going to Marco my part my
counterpart was going to go to show the
footage apparently it was like it goes
from as a military base into the town of
Virginia and all the way back again so
they filmed the the excursion going out
the alien and then coming back again now
I don't know in that particular footage
that the alien was alive or not but
there's other footage of the aling that
was in the hospital that does have
footage and I talked to the doctors that
saw it and I knew the doctor that shot
it wow he had just died of a heart
attack so he went to his wife's house
like's like so many leads the the the
the um the chief of police in the area
he had a photograph and one was alive
one was dead and there wasn't there
wasn't one person in the town who said
this was a hoax or Fab no no I mean a
lot of people like oh yeah I've heard
about it some people are like oh yeah no
I believe it happened but nobody in and
around said it didn't happen it's a hoax
not one person sorry
um so I you know just as this was
happening you know you're investigating
something for that long and you're
getting this close to getting I mean all
the people that we got to come forward
the doctors the X-ray
technicians you're the town mayor like
the mayor of
Virginia does he believe that this case
happened as the Witnesses are reporting
it to have
happened I mean the the women that came
with in 10t of the creature alive
you know the those women when you see
them interview it's just like they're
not lying like they seem kind of shy and
afraid to speak to you and no way no way
and uh anyway then you know we're
getting close to this footage I mean it
was it's pretty intense like I mean it's
you feel like you're stepping on you
feel like you're poking around
where you shouldn't be poking around
that there are Extreme Measures taken to
keep this the lid on this story right so
you could feel it when you're poking
around out there you feel like you're
being kind of w you know you sound
paranoid but I tell you I got spooked I
could just feel it
right the military base calls the guy
that we had just met with on camera
calls him
up hey um
this is so and so at as a military base
um there's an American uh filmmaker
poking
around you um he contact you at all did
you meet with him or yeah are you still
living at this address how's the family
oh wow I swear to God they got calls
like that yeah so then he got the call
the guy that we were going to meet now I
just put him on camera they called him
the next day no way yes so how how do
they track that so that's crazy well
granted we met with who do you think it
is in the US you think they say like the
CIA Global access the guy with the
footage that was going to show it to my
but my partner Marco yeah they summoned
him into the base and I don't know how
far as a military base was but it had to
be at least four hours MH from there MH
they summoned that guy in so the so my
guy the guy that we just put on camera
who drove the alien around was like you
need to get out of here just leave us
like disappear do you know what happened
mon sum no I don't no no no cuz I we
left he's like you need to leave this is
getting really
heated and I had just confronted Eric
Lopez uhhuh right Eric Lopes and he was
the alleged driver during the second
capture of one of the alive creatures
where his buddy Marco sherei jumped out
of the car who's in the passenger seat
and grabbed the thing you know according
to the all the researchers that I talked
to the military didn't say hey there's a
UFO crash and Aliens running around they
were like there's some unusual creature
and be on the lookout it's being cited
and it's in this area so they were so
Eric Lopes just called his buddy who was
off duty they were real they were both
military police but he called them up
hey you want to join me I got this weird
thing I'm doing tonight and he jumps in
the car and off they go and then they
see it cowering coming across the road
stop the car it was pissing rain I
believe it was pissing rain when it
happened what's his name um Marco sherei
gets out and grabs this thing doesn't
think twice about it just manhandles it
puts in the car sh off they go they go
to a clinic and the doctor comes out was
like I don't know what the hell that
thing is get it out of here so then they
go to humanitas hospital and that's
apparently where it ended up humaniti
hospital and then the military came in
and crazy but this is a side note and if
I'm going on a tangent stop
me in
2013 uh UFO researcher uh Lear Roger
Lear he was in Los Angeles I was
shooting in Los Angeles and I at the
time even though I was covering Virginia
and I was covering the landing case in
Australia I had a specific Focus that
week on the witnesses from Ru Zimbabwe
so I I uh made arrangements to I mean
it's was like the stars aligned somehow
and they all just agreed for the first
time ever to get back together after 20
years of the case The Landing case in Ru
Zimbabwe and during this time aerial
School aerial school yeah aerial School
1994 uh I think it was September but I'd
have to look into that in any case um so
I'm really focused on that and making
that all happen and people are flying in
from all different corners of the world
and I remember my financial guy at the
time he's like you mean to tell me that
a UFO landed and the aliens got out it's
like please I said no I know trust me on
this one because it was really expensive
to fly everybody so I'm focus on that
and Roger Le is like I heard you're
doing a document or part you're covering
the Virginia's case because I was going
to just I was going to include it in the
phenomenon as just one segment right
like I did with Rua like I did with with
other cases sakuro and things of that
nature and uh he goes I got to talk to
you about the Virginia case you know now
what he didn't tell me was that he was
dying cancer and that he had critical
things to share with me and I kicked
myself because I kept trying to make it
for him to come in and he got upset with
me Roger fny was like you know hey man
like you know you keep saying you're
going to get me on camera what the hell
and I said Roger I'm so sorry I've been
really busy and this is out of the blue
you approached me and I I I'm doing like
15 hour shoots every day 16 hour shoots
I'm exhausted we don't have it you know
so he said well you're not going to meet
with me and I was like it's not that I'm
not going to meet with you I want to
meet with you he goes well at least take
my t I went there and I wrote the book
on the case and so he he gives me these
tapes and then I kind of forgot about it
and then I digitized them and then I
sent them back to him and then he died
and I don't remember exactly what year
that was cuz I it was all all thing went
down so then I'm shooting the
film in in
2021 2022 something like that 21 yeah
and uh record time you know we've done a
lot of research prior to that and and
I'm like oh oh my gosh I've got those
Roger Le tapes so I take those tapes out
I I had them digitized and I go through
them I'm like whoa he got this person oh
he did that oh this is amazing and so
I'm going through him and I was like
wait a minute he wrote a book too so I I
buy the book I read the book and I'm
like gosh the the book is basically a
transcription of of of the tapes yeah
right I'm like and met with this person
met with that person and
then not part of the tapes in his book
yeah he describes a meeting with these
two doctors at a hospital
that worked on the alien that was a
liive I'm thinking oh boy this is pretty
crazy this story like really they had
telepathic communication like there's
some smoke started to fill the room and
there was like telepathic communic this
is according to him in his book right
and I'm thinking my god there was
communication face to face with the
aliens by the doctors and everything
else in the book is totally accurate
because I have the tapes then he just
goes off in a tangent about
communication with these aliens in the
hospital building but I so I find out
who was he with yeah he was with Uber
Uber Rodriguez who was a very prominent
UFO researcher that happened to do like
at one point he was the biggest Advocate
that this happened there no question we
have all these Witnesses
toter to nothing happened and it was all
just a big know blah blah blah so he did
at one point he did a 180 so now the guy
won't even meet with me he's one rear
Roger Lear he's he's
deceased and then he was with another
doctor I got a hold of that guy and he
had just died so now dang it I I can't
verify the claims I don't know who the
doctors are right but according now had
I met with Roger he would have told me
who those doctors were on camera and I
could have like looked into do you know
what I'm saying so it's like but those
doctors are still alive so I'm going to
go back you should go back I'm going
back cuz I've got two forensic
Pathologists that are coming that just
came forward so I'm going to go
interview them apparently they have some
physical evidence left over from the
from the case they talk about the
bacteria that was On's body that they've
believe killed
him a
[Music]
his body had no defense against did they
say anything about the bacteria I you
know in my limited scientific knowledge
no I have not gone and met with them
physically but they had communicated
some things in Portuguese to my buddy
and I haven't had anything so I need to
go there and there's other people I'm
going to go meet with and I'm going to
re-release kind of like what I did with
out of the blue just revamp it bring it
up to bring it up to date so anyway I
getting off on a Tang but my point is is
that it is extremely difficult getting
people to come forward it's not like you
just go there and everyone's like hey I
want to sell my story no no it's exactly
the opposite yeah and that's usually the
better the better the case the better
the evidence the harder it is to get the
people the witnesses to come forward
that's just the way it is what do you
what do you think about this moment in
UFO disclosure obviously uh the program
is coming out soon which is very
exciting you also have Lou alander just
came out with the book think was
released yesterday it's called imminent
uh do you are you hopeful for this year
you have you know the possibility that
uh Schumer you know the amendment to the
National Defense authorization act
actually passes in you know a more
robust form than it you know got got
kind of diluted last year do you think
that this year we actually make some
progress or well it's funny because so
with the program again I'm talking about
Crash retrieval my previous film was all
about a specific case of Crash retrieval
and the American involvement and uh but
again I'm sitting there in the courtroom
with a jury a skeptical jury and I'm
thinking to myself how am I going to
present this in a way that's going to
make it palatable to mainstream right
because this is pretty crazy let's let's
just call a SP is bait here you want to
start talking about we have a super
secret crash retrieval program that's
been going on since at least World War
II right uh I was informed in the course
of my official duties of a multi-decade
uh UAP crash retrieval and reverse
engineering program that's you know
people are going to go this is
impossible so I was thinking about that
when I put together the program I was
like okay I've got that skeptic in the
audience I've got you know this the the
panel the jury to to to sway and again
I'm not talking about manipulating
anybody I'm just talking about putting
the evidence forward in a way that makes
it digestible to to and I really think
that we have created a very compelling
case yes with the program that a
very a very program like a crash
probably does exist right yeah so that
um that I think we accomplished
yeah I feel I feel like you did an
amazing job and and did accomplish that
I mean it's a maybe a little hard for me
to say because I'm already bought in
right but but when like when I have a
really good friend of mine who's very
smart guy he's a former teacher at
Berkeley University and and he he
watched some of it and he's
like the stuff that's being said I I
wouldn't even consider believing it but
it was coming out of the mouths of
rounds and Schumer and you know yeah
yeah our most you know and then I'm
looking at all this data and these
reports and boy this is really hard to
dismiss you know like you really got me
thinking and that's that's all like one
can do I want the program to come out
and get people to do more work on it dig
deeper ask the right questions you know
hold their feet to the fire like you
know let's look at because you got a lot
of noise right and it's like you got
pushed back from the intelligence
communities there's really nothing in it
for them for the stuff to come out but
they ain't putting the genie back in the
bottle I'll tell you that much it's
coming well I think there's a fight
within the Intel Comm of course some
people want it out other people don't
want it out I get it you know it's going
to if an airline pilot uh has a sighting
that when he makes that report to the
FAA that it would come to Congress but I
was told that the intelligence community
did not like that and the bill was the
amendment was not even heard
committee I think it's time for this
country to take back our country we need
to tell the folks at the Pentagon they
work for us God gam it we don't work for
them it's a little scary I'm sure they
have a lot of answers and I'm sure they
have a lot of things that they can't
answer because they possibly don't know
or like you know you know what the
status quo is scary though you just like
uh you know move forward on our current
geopolitical trajectory and it's not
good and so if if you have some sort of
Hail Mary in the form of like some big
paradigm shift as a result of like a
higher life form just throw throw the
Hail Mary now I could I think it's going
to unite us yeah I think it'll unite
Humanity yeah I really believe that do
you think we'll we in our lifetime
because all of these contact events are
somewhat ephemeral there it's always
like like you have all these examples we
were talking about it uh at the bar the
other day you have all these examples of
like these near misses where like you
have in in the program frustrating you
have you I landed every now and again
you do you do I mean in the program you
show like an incredible photo out of out
of Scotland I don't want to ruin it so
people should watch if we were you know
sitting here and it was like Stanton
fredman and Leonard Stringfield or
something yes they probably would have
said like we hope in our lifetime things
shift on this thank you Stanton fre by
the way love you brother absolutely
absolutely yeah we're standing on the
shoulders of giants you know I'm I cried
when he died he's I cried when he died
genius also here in Washington is
fredman a physicist who's been involved
in nuclear space and research for such
companies as General Electric
Westinghouse and General Motors he has
studied and lectured on UFOs for almost
30 years such a genius sorry no no well
I'm just I'm just saying so so um you
know actually like Peter teal went on
Joe Rogan Rogan kept bringing up aliens
it's like half of half of Rogan shows
are like fully about yeah yeah he keeps
bringing them up and up and um I think
at one point Peter goes uh you know uh
you you probably don't want to spend
your whole life on this stuff because if
you had started doing that in the 60s
and you know nothing would have
dramatically shifted or whatever and you
could you could easily push back and say
the last six or seven years post
2017 and a tip which you highlighted at
the beginning of the program my name is
Leslie Kane and I'm an investigative
reporter and I was one of three
journalists who broke the story in
December of 2017 about the Department of
Defense secret program studying UFOs and
that story was kind of a catalyst for a
lot of things that have happened since
has really shifted this stuff absolutely
super important right but do things
shift in a more dramatic way from here
because I go back and forth there's some
intuitive sense I have that in the next
5 to 10 years we get a big shift on this
and then there's some other sense that
maybe it just keeps kind of muddling
along what do you think okay I wouldn't
have said this
excuse me I wouldn't have said this 5
years ago but but I believe the momentum
is there's a title wave at this point
and yes there's push back and I remember
people feeling discouraged after David
grush came forward and testified under
oath uh to a bipartisan group of
lawmakers um wow I I sat there and I
just I watched that from my phone it was
like one of the only times my son was
like Hey Daddy let's go play outside
let's go you know said son I need to
watch this I'm sorry I'm watching this
live I prom just give me I need an hour
and a half and I'll do whatever you want
to do and I was glued and funny enough I
watched it from my phone live and I sat
there and I think I remember I had tears
just coming down my face because I've
received so much ridicule and laughter
for so long like my whole adult life you
know getting laughed at and made fun of
and I remember going to cocktail parties
and just saying would you do me a favor
please don't tell people what I do cuz
I'm going to spend the whole night just
defending it and I don't want to do that
yeah that's that's tough right cuz you
yeah you bring it up it's funny when
people ask what I do at this point I
spend so much time interviewing people
about the UFO thing but I but at this
point like when people ask what you like
oh I'm an investor or whatever which I
that is a big part of my life but it's
so much easier just like neutral like
vanilla thing oh maybe they ask one more
question go Tech startups you know
whatever right but the the UFO thing
it's like you're signing up for like an
immediate like polarizing reaction it's
probably be like a 30 minutes to an hour
top you having to talk about it you have
to give this canned thing as to why you
think it's true and a little less these
days like I remember when you know 2017
you know New York Times article some of
the
evidence that I remember had some family
members
go maybe James wasn't so crazy you know
like people that are like really close
family members they're total
intellectuals and they just like but are
there times you don't want to talk about
too cuz in either direction it's either
their fanatic or there you know the way
here's the way I feel about it now I
feel like people will say you know they
look at me sideways whatever and I just
say you know what you're a Believer and
I say well no it's not that it's you
either know about it m or you don't yeah
because it's not a question of believing
or not believing I mean it's a reality
it's happening now we don't have an
explanation for it or certainly I don't
have a prosaic explanation for it I you
know um but it's happening it's
happening you know and there's no
question there's an intelligence behind
it yeah and it might
be a myriad of different explanations I
don't know you know I I don't know I'm
open to it yeah but it's it's it's real
and there's a non-human intelligence
behind it and I'm convinced i' put my
life on it you know behind that yeah
yeah everything else there in my opinion
is speculation but I know because I've
talked to certain people that according
to them that seem to be in a position to
know there are probably a handful of
people on this planet that have the
bigger picture but again that's do you
think that all of those people are
hardcore Intel or do you think some of
these people exist outside of any sort
of you know government military
classification but they just have
expanded aperture well I go back and
forth because I I I don't know if I
would but but I but I I me I know cases
that I go I go to locations I meet with
Witnesses that's kind of like what I do
right yeah and I and I and I don't just
believe David grush like when he was
testifying in those open hearings
yeah I was like tears rolling streaming
down my face
like so I didn't believe it just because
he's under oath and he's a high level
intelligence officer of course he's
incredibly credible he's an amazing
human being I believed it because what
he was saying aligned with my 30 years
of research yeah absolutely and all the
different locations that I've gone to
particularly Virginia but I've
investigated Roswell too I mean I've
been out there I went to the th
anniversary of Roswell yeah and the
advantage I had back then was there was
a lot of momentum a lot of talk a lot of
things
happening there were at least at least
20 people that were in Roswell at the
time that I got to meet with when I was
there they all all oh talking about the
threats they'll be picking your bones
out of the desert not they I had guys
tell me this is what was said at the
time um not only will they be picking
your bones out of the desert but your
family's bones out of the they told me
that lots of different people told me
that I was just with uh the founder of a
very prominent multi-billion dollar you
know Fortune 500 company like Beyond you
know reproach you this guy's not a liar
exem yeah he's also super humble and
like out of the Limelight actually as as
a Founder he's like 20 years old
and yeah well won't give any more
detail but I'm I'm with them we're
talking and you know um turns out he he
watches the show and I'm like what you
what like you know why do you don't have
time to watch you know Al he goes well
let me tell you uh you know at the end
of his life my grandfather was in you
know the 9th Atomic bomber Squadron he
was stationed at Roswell in
47 and he goes he wasn't there when the
crash happened but he came back to base
and he came back and he said that
everybody was beyond spooked Beyond
a weather balloon Landing Beyond some
test dummy you know that the air force
keeps changing their story it's all BS
or whatever but like people were pale in
the face and and psychologically really
messed up and so I when I hear a story
like that from him and he said his
grandpa he like an old school guy who
would barely talk and he really started
to come out like towards his death and
so you hear thing and thing you know
thing after thing like that you're like
something happened there whole flock of
microphones there they wanted me to they
wanted to something comments from me but
I wasn't that Liberty to do that so all
I could do is keep my mouth shut
something really profound when I was
making out of the blue and it's funny
like some of the things that never even
make into any of my documentaries are
the things that Propel me more than
anything else any other bit of evidence
or bit of testimony that's on camera I
was making out of the blue and the woman
who owned the building where we were
editing the
film when I wasn't editing at my house
we were going back and forth uh she was
88 and she told when she found out what
we were doing she told my my partner
Boris who I've made he's been partners
with me Bor zubov on all the films I've
ever made since I was in my early 20s
and uh Boris goes yeah the lady owns the
building wants to meet with you I said
really why he goes I don't know you
found out what you're doing and wants to
have tea I said oh okay he goes I
suggest going have tea with her so I
said fine biggest regret that I didn't
put it on camera but anyway so we meet
and she's like I heard you were doing
this documentary on
UFOs and I said yeah and she's pouring
me tea and and she's like I just want
you to know I've never told anybody this
but my it was either husband or almost
husband boyfriend at the time in the
early 50s told her he was a very
prominent scientist that a spaceship
crashed in New Mexico and that there
were bodies Al I recovered she's I was
told he told me that in the
50s and and she I'll never forget and
when he says that's what happened by
golly that's what happened MH she say I
couldn't talk about it with anybody but
I wanted you to know that I said thank
you that's that really resonated with me
like course do you know what I mean like
why would she do that why would she do
that and we were just talking why would
she do that we were we were driving over
here and you were telling me about Buzz
Aldren the second man to walk on the
moon his sister what what what did she
say I'll let you repeat it
so well getting back to Roswell for a
brief moment transition of no because it
actually relate this story also relates
to this as well so Mickey Rooney I was
working on a a movie set called The
Legend of obie tager in New
Mexico and I was working on my first
film and and I was a movie I was an
extra I was a prison guard and um uh uh
I get the who so what else what else do
you like to do Sunny you know and I was
like oh here we go you know and I told
Mickey Rooney and his wife Jan Rooney
and whoever else was there oh I'm doing
this documentary UFOs and oh and then
Jan Rooney goes my dad was a general in
in
Roswell in uh in
47 and he told me that if what really if
the truth about Roswell came
out it would have a devast impact on
organized religion she said that's what
her dad told she's probably still alive
so
anyway they both knew Buzz Aldren and
they're like we can connect you with
Buzz Aldren because I remember been out
in the balcony we've been friends with
him for decades and we'd be out on the
balcony hanging out and he would tell us
these crazy UFO stories like really Buzz
Al land on the moon with Neil Armstrong
yes we'll get you an interview well
while that was happening and I was
working on my first film that I UL
ultimately sold the Discover Channel um
a buddy of mine was working as uh he was
he was working as a bartender at an at
an art gallery um they had a particular
opening and he met a woman named Fay
andne Potter and Fay andne Potter was
Buzz olden's sister so now I meet with
fayan Potter at a restaurant in
larksburg called the Left Bank we meet
she's
like my brother told me about a UFO
encounter that he had while piloting a a
jet a military jet I be honest with you
I can't remember if she said it happened
in the 50s or if it happened in the 60s
but she said he was rattled to the core
that he chased a disc as high as he his
plane would go or to the point where it
was going to be dangerous if he went
anymore but he was really rattled it was
a disc according to
her then she said the other thing that
he had told her was that they were
followed by something to the Moon she
did not say anything about an encounter
on the moon nothing that but that that
there was something that they
encountered that followed them to the
Moon that did not appear it that was
that freaked him out I saw this
illumination that was moving with
respect to the Stars we were smart
enough to not say Houston there's a
light out there that's following us so
that's what she told me she's like I
think I can get you an interview with
buzz and I don't know how much more of
the story you want me to tell you tell
all the way up okay yeah so now I've got
Mickey Rooney and his sister sorry
Mickey Rooney and fanne Potter Mickey
Rooney knows Buzz Aldren fan Potter Buzz
Aldren sister both going at Buzz Al
saying you need to meet with James
Fox so he agrees buzz aler and he says
well I'm on book tour right now and but
I'll meet you if you want to if you want
to come to Monte Carlo I'll meet you in
Monte Carlo and I'm thinking to myself
hell yeah so I borrow the money um
excuse me I borrow the money to get the
Hammer gear get my buddy Tim Coleman my
partner at the time my girlfriend at the
time Samara and we go to the south of
France actually we flew to Paris and we
took a highspeed train down to Monte
Carlo and I was like when I got there I
was like oh my God this place is so
expensive the cheapest hotel I could
find was like 400 euros a night yeah
sounds about right oh my gosh I was like
I'm going to be broke in a couple of
days
like and and Buzz kept like you know oh
we'll have the meeting on Tuesday you
know it was like Monday it was like
Tuesday comes out oh I got some
Wednesday you know and then it got to
Thursday and I was like with all due
respect sir I traveled all the way here
just to meet with you got the cameras
going I got I'm all ready to go
and and uh I can't really afford to stay
here forever you know he goes okay okay
okay well meet me let just say it was a
Friday meet me meet me tomorrow in the
lob in my hotel lobby No cameras rolling
he said to me no camera don't have a
cameras rolling I said I won't have any
cameras rolling I'll meet you in the
lobby so I show up a little early Tim
Coleman I phot gra of this somewhere Tim
probably still does and my girlfriend
the time Samara sitting down in a cafe
and we're having like a Quon and some
coffee and the coner comes over and he
says uh Mr Fox you have a phone call I
actually speak for one of my one of my
few College accomplishments I learned
French
[Laughter]
s so anyway so he comes over and he says
uh Mr Fox is a telephone call for you uh
Mr alen and I oh okay I was I was
assuming he was going to be like hey I'm
I'll be right down you I was like yes go
pick up the
phone I'm not doing the interview I said
I said what what what do you what do you
mean you're not doing it was like I I
can't do it he Paul Allen just invested
in SEI and he got labeled a a UFO freak
or something and I can't jeopardize my
initiative I'm working with Congress
right now I'm trying to get money to
develop a rocket that's going to help
put civilians in the space I I can't do
it he's implying that he has something
to say about UFOs but if he did it would
hurt his reputation then he said he said
How's my story going to change anything
anyway and I said well with all due
respect sir people of your caliber
coming forward really helps Elevate this
topic uh your testimony would be
Paramount uh to to do that and remember
this is in the 90s
right yeah probably late 90s I I thought
to asked him but yeah it was a while ago
and so uh he's like well I can't I'm I'm
sorry it's not going to happen so that I
was devastated like devastated come on
right yeah I mean that's that's and then
that would have been a earth shattering
was devastated I was it took me a year
to get over that one right yeah so then
so well you know you know astronauts
sign ndas
too so check this
out I had fast forward probably 10 years
again I have to remember exactly when I
have talked to my buddy Tim but it was
late 90s I'm almost positive
anyway I break the story of the governor
of Arizona 5 simonon well I saw a uh a
huge craft just kind of come right over
[__] Peak
um that was you know was just
breathtaking of the fact that he saw the
ca he saw the the massive UFO that he
said was just had to be otherworldly
because it was over a mile from wing tip
to wind tip this is the famous Phoenix
Lights Phenix light 1997 March
13th in
1997 thousands of people in Phoenix
Arizona witnessed a massive v-shaped
formation of Lights moving silently
across the sky known as the Phoenix
Lights the phenomenon sparked widespread
speculation about UFOs while some
officials claimed the lights were
military flares many witnesses remained
convinced they saw something
otherworldly so I broke that
story I interviewed the governor of
Arizona 5 Simon we we becoming
friends and that catapulted me into I
mean I got invitations on to every talk
show I mean it was was unbelievable and
and F actually said James is the one
that broke the story with me he's the
one that approached me he's he should
get credit we're going on together
whatever we do we're doing together real
quick that's such an amazing Story by
the way because he's a he's a governor
former Air Force guy and in the
beginning he sort of downplays the thing
makes fun of it in a press conference
and then he he comes out later thinks to
you saying no not only do I think it was
real and and do I believe all the
witnesses but I saw it with my own eyes
which is just so profound you have
governor of Arizona say and McCain was
asking for information on all this stuff
he friends with McCain too it's so wild
I mean that's another case where it's
just like how much evidence do you need
Kurt Russell you know said he could have
landed his airplane on it right yeah
exactly he was flying around and he saw
it and so so we're going into Phoenix
and uh where I think it was Sky Harbor
and
uh there's these Bank of Lights six
lights in the shape of a triangle going
back right over the airport there's a
lot there yeah huge so anyway so I break
this story and the relevance of this
will come in a second I break this story
and we're getting invited on there Jay
Leno and you name it man we were getting
invited I mean all these shows so we
picked Larry Kang among other things and
I'm going on Larry King with f simonon
and guess who's in The Green Room who
Buzz Aldren two distinguished gentlemen
an astronaut a
governor different views from what
you've seen I didn't see what he saw
but you say you're waiting for people to
come forward people have come forward
high ranking military officials have
come forward and talked about the the
validity wow yeah the last contact I'd
had with Buzz Alden was roughly 10 years
earlier when he stood me up in south of
France is that a coincidence or I don't
know I he was they invited him on yeah
coincidence yeah weird so I'm going on
live Larry King live with Buzz Aldren
and fight Simington you know wait Buzz
was going to be on with you yes live
what Larry's just like
space like you have a like what I don't
know I didn't organize it you know but
I'm looking I got a picture of I got a
picture of him in the gr the woman goes
no pictures Sir what are you doing click
I shot a picture of Buzz Buzz getting
his makeup put on yeah right and he kind
of looks over at me I'm like
click got that somewhere so anyway so I
said to I said to F I said five oh man
oh man I'm going to like this and I told
him a little bit of the story what
happened I was like God he stood me up
and I sent all this money and borrow all
this effort I flew to the
South and he goes James this is an
iconic figure of like this guy is I mean
you cannot disrespect him and you need
to
like so I was like you know you're right
he was right and I was like I'm going to
be respectful but I sat there knowing
what I knew and I watched him lie on
television and it was really frustrating
and I did try to call him out a little
bit and then I talked to F Potter right
afterwards cuz of course he saw it you
should have called him out you should
have been like hey dude I kind of did a
little going do an interview and you
were going to talk about UFOs and I
didn't know if his if if he was G if she
was going to be okay with me putting out
her name on national TV WEA was going to
be cool you did the right thing you know
but I was really frustrated look in his
eyes and like he was like so I was like
I did bring it up and uh actually there
was a guy um who did a a film on it uh
covered it space
film Darcy Weir uh and he kind of he
found the clip on Larry King he
interviewed me about it it was like you
know that was that was kind of
frustrating but anyway so I talked to F
Potter I actually went to her 80th
birthday and she said uh somebody's
gotten to him I said what do you mean
she goes somebody got to him she goes he
won't even talk to me about it anymore
that's what she told me I swear that
happened yeah no I I believe it
so anyway so yeah there's again a
classic example of how difficult it is
every single interview is difficult to
to get the better the witness the better
the case the more unlikely they're ever
going to want to talk yeah and the more
the more uh Prestige the person has the
more they have to lose yeah they going
on record it's not a career enhancing
move for often not often not things are
changing a little bit I think they are
yeah you had Neil Armstrong I think he
was winning the Congressional Medal of
Honor something in the 80s and he goes
there are great ideas
undiscovered breakthroughs available to
those who can
remove one of truth's protective
layers there are places to go beyond
belief and then he comes back obviously
from the mission itself and he's just
looks so spooked he looks like a looks
like a different when he was in that uh
what's that chamber they put everybody
into for remember that for several days
they had to be in that chamber just in
Cas yeah yeah yeah yeah well he well he
didn't speak to anybody for 3 weeks the
look in his eyes the look in his eyes is
uh like they'd seen God ghost or God
100% really intense that really got me
thinking too you know yeah I mean when
Edgar Mitchell who your your old friend
had a conversion experience on the way
back from Apollo 14 and the way he
describes it is so M it's like he's
looking at Earth and he's like you just
see how small like trivial the the like
the infighting and the tribalism and how
Petty it all is and it's almost like his
Consciousness gets elevated and he
realizes just how how much of a
bottleneck or Chokehold you know uh
Earthly Consciousness is is you know
we're in this like holding pattern and
he gets like extremely frustrated about
that then he comes back and he dedicates
the rest of his life to Consciousness
research for 40 years I've been studying
the properties of consciousness and it
goes throughout all of Nature and matter
and it begins with the quantum property
that when particles are in a process
together and they go apart from each
other they maintain their correlation
regardless of where they go which is
just so so F Well any any I I had
something really weird happen to me in
during the making of of out of the blue
let's hear it so
so we were in the building that I was
telling you about the woman owned the
building whose husband or boyfriend at
the time I wish I could remember exactly
told her that that he was a very
prominent scientist that they recovered
this uh that that that a flying saucer
UFO and aliens were recovered told her
that in the early 50s I'm in that
building I'm editing out of the blue
it's
probably late 90s early
and we get into an argument me and this
guy Tim Coleman who I just worked with a
little bit on the program mhm and he was
like bloody hell mate you know it's got
to be like this and I said you know Tim
actually no I'm the director and it's
going to be and he's older than me and a
smart guy but I felt really adamant that
I wanted it like this and he wanted that
he got really angry and he stormed out
of the room and cuz I just put my foot
down and you know I was like I'm sorry
I'm not doing that you know and um he
wanted to add like cheesy smoke to a
scene you know the kind of stuff that
one expects with the UFO back in the day
you know all the things I wanted to
avoid he was like he wanted he thought
it would spice things up a little bit or
something I just it was a hard no good
for you he got really aggravated he B he
left oh slammed the door off he
went 10 minutes later I'm sitting there
it's on the third floor there's a
balcony but I'm not on the balcony I'm
I'm inside still
editing I get a visual image in my head
I see him with a
key clear as day it's like a film strip
keying the right front fender of my car
yes I was so certain of it that I didn't
even need the validation of walking out
on the balcony and looking down on the
street below that's how positive I was I
just carried on editing 5 hours later 6
hours later finished up the editing
packed up my gear walked down to go
leave and there lo and behold was the
key scratch on the panel that I saw
there it was plain as day so I called to
him told him hey I know you out of you
out of frustration and you keyed my car
I demand you take that back I demand you
retract that statement how dare you
accuse me of such a thing I said Tim
listen I know you're upset but I saw it
I know you did it and I'm okay like I
know you were angry and but I I'm not
going to you know go around telling him
you know just get it fixed and we'll put
it behind us it's not a big deal and he
demand you you know CLI about three or
four days later he calls him he goes
you're bloody psychic how do you know I
said I I don't know man I saw it when it
was happening how do you how do you
explain that right how do you explain
that I couldn't I didn't ask for it I
didn't like and I have proof that it
happened I I've got you know it it
happened I saw it I knew exactly where
it was it was like I was already outside
looking down at my car how do you
explain that's really weird I actually
told how put off about it well I was
going to say he could explain it yeah I
know but I told her I was like I had
that experience I well there's something
about you know there are two models of
Consciousness one is that it is produced
simply by the senses and it's produced
locally and then there's another where
uh the body is a biological collapsing
function on a default state of Greater
perception or greater omniscience and so
actually if you cut off certain senses
or silence certain things are the
tank yeah like sensory deprivation you
sense more not less and so the the body
is like a transmitter like you have in
Consciousness you have The Binding
problem of Consciousness right you have
the battery so so you have like uh you
know the occipital lobe you have the you
know the prefrontal cortex reasoning you
have warik area which is reading
comprehension you have broka area which
is speech you have the cerebellum which
is movement right we have no idea though
how those all mesh together uh to to
create our seamless perception of like
it's almost like you're watching a movie
when you're you're conscious yeah and um
uh so so so what is that and then if you
look at the radio a radio has its own
binding problem so you have the
capacitors the battery the antenna you
have all the constituent Parts but you
have no idea how it's playing of all
these four seasons and you could take
out a battery and you know it will it'll
stop playing but that's just one of the
components and in fact you'd have to
know that it's tapping into something
much larger it's tapping into you know
an electromagnetic frequency that's
allowing it to play the actual music and
so um maybe you know this is something
I've sort of started to get interested
in maybe there's an expanded version of
electromagnetism that allows for more
wave types than just your traditional uh
um transverse herzan wave and then you
know maybe maybe your brain is sort of
an antenna and and and William James is
a big fan of this
called experiencers have a certain
kodate nucleus and pame and the basil
ganglia uh the kodate pame and basil
ganglia is at the core of uh many of the
let's say the more mainstream things
that we were claiming even before we had
our first publication that theodate is
the basically is a central node involved
in intuitive and uh other um well
crystallized and um fluid intelligence
that could be the part that is
an exactly because it it when people
make going on around us but some people
can detect it better than others right
and it it allows you to yes and it's the
neuronal density in that area that
determines your ability to do this and
it's this ability to act on Instinct so
it's not based on the senses that you're
picking up in fact that area when hooked
up to an fmri lights up when somebody
makes a quote unquote brilliant move and
go and a brilliant move is a move that
makes no sense rationally it only makes
sense in the context of a future
endpoint of the person winning so it's
almost based on you know their opponent
making some dumb move that they somehow
psychically knew about wow and to begin
with so that part of the brain I I do
think that might be a really core part
of of of all of this I didn't even know
that that that even existed I never even
heard about remote viewing at that point
I I didn't know the remote view yeah so
you just you just got it down
spontaneously yeah yeah and I remember
distinctly saying
I don't even need to walk out to the
balcony which was right there and look
down I would have seen it I didn't need
that level of validation CU I I saw it
isn't that weird that's super weird but
I mean people have like precognitive
dreams people have experiences like this
and yeah and you have in in Stargate H
put off's program it was up for funding
and defunding every year from 1972 to
1995 and every single year it got
refunded in the 1980s the defense
intelligence agency began project
Stargate it was top secret it's actually
Beyond top secret Dean Raiden a
scientist worked on the program that
employed about a dozen psychics and
mediums for what for Espionage to see
whether someone in the United States
could spy on other countries from here
right just using their mind right did it
work it did work and you have to think
you know
the amount of optical scrutiny a program
like that would get they'd cut it off if
it weren't working absolutely and you
have the top guy Joseph mcmonagle
winning a Legion of Merit for over 200
cases where he's adding to real
intelligence and then you have Skeptics
Jessica UTS who's a statistician at
Stanford Ray Heyman who's a skeptic at
Oregon they're coming in they're saying
we think this is BS they they go they
they look at the data that's been you
know revealed post 2017 and they come
out saying we think there's something
here that's
unexplainable didn't they have an SR71
go down or a spy plane or You2 or
something in Africa yeah in uh Zer in
1995 former President Jimmy Carter
revealed that the CIA without his
knowledge consulted a psychic to locate
a missing government plane in Africa the
plane had crashed in zire during his
presidency and despite extensive
satellite searches it was still missing
the psychic from California entered a
trance and provided specific itude and
longitude coordinates when the CIA
focused their satellites on that spot
they found the plane pretty incredible
it's incredible and it had found it yeah
and it had Russian Weaponry on board
yeah so it's yeah what are the chance
it's it's beyond probability there's
something here and then it's hard I
think why science doesn't accept it is
because it is not fully repeatable and
it's it's hard to turn into
instrumentation and you need but but
exact you know what that means it means
we're the Stone Age it's like with with
quantum mechanics you had black body
radiation which occurred in the we
figured that out in the
1860s and but we we didn't exactly know
that light came in quanta and so there's
no way to harness any of this stuff or
do anything with it you couldn't build
you know semiconductors and all the
stuff we use you know Quantum field
theory for now uh because we just didn't
understand it but there's this anomaly
that's happening right that's it's not
fully repeatable you can't
instrumentalize it but it's a thing
that's measurable just because you can't
explain it doesn't mean it doesn't it
doesn't real in fact that leads to the
next Paradigm anomalies lead to the next
par if you read uh Thomas Coon's
structure of Scientific Revolution you
have to systematically look at the
anomalies because that breaks the
current model so I wow that's really
cool
yeah you know it's fascinating you know
and and I'm kind of a nuts and bolts guy
yeah I just I have been I I am but I'm
also have had some experiences that have
to get me to be open to you know who
knows well I think it's empowering I
mean it happened to me I can't explain
it and I'm not out there trying to prove
to anybody that it happened fair enough
if you don't believe me that's fine yeah
but I think I think it's good to share
because I think nine out of 10 people if
you actually probe a little bit more
you're like hey have you ever had like a
really weird synchronicity that just
makes no sense everybody's had that
unless you're completely cut off I was
13 years old I was with my cousin Ian on
the Streets of San Francisco we were we
were attending an older buddy of ours
18th birthday party
our we weren't with our parents at the
time somebody dropped us off we're going
to go into the building in San Francisco
downtown San Francisco and some creepy
guy approached us and he was going to
mug us or do something I don't know what
and he he my cousin Ian was on one side
I was on the other side and I was scared
man I was 13 years old I was scared
something bad was happening and we
communicate he communicated to me
telepathically he said on the count of
three I'm going to we're going to break
you're going to go left I'm going to go
right you're going to run as fast as you
can I'm telling you I swear and boom
just like there was like instant we just
looked at each other and that was the
plan wow but I was in a heightened state
of you know what I mean yes that's what
it happened I never questioned it it
just happened yes yes but I'm telling
you it happened because that exactly we
executed exactly like the communication
was instantaneous well I think some of
the sometimes studying that yeah well I
think humans are way weirder than we
realize and and there's something
certainly are we are and the the VAR
between I'd say the top ape and the you
know or maybe not even ranking just the
variance between like apes or dogs or
whatever is just far less wide than the
very there humans are you ever you I'm
sure because of the line of work you do
I'm sure you meet people all the time
where it's just like what's going on
with you you know like sometimes a very
interesting way I don't mean that in a
denigrating way like like there's you're
on some sort of trippy thing and so it's
really cool I love going around the
world I love meeting with different
people cultures you know languages and
hearing about the phenomenon is
fascinating to me you know it's like
yeah I I'll give you a example I I I I
met this uh this this Iranian pilot that
had this dramatic UFO encounter over
Tyron Iran in 19 I want to say 75 in a
phantom F4 jet the 1976 ton UFO incident
involv radar and visual sightings of an
unidentified flying object over Iran an
on the morning of September 19 2 F4
Phantom 2 interceptors from the Imperial
Iranian Air Force reported losing
instrumentation and Communications as
they approached the object which were
restored upon withdrawal one jet also
experienced a temporary weapon systems
failure while preparing to engage
instead of trying to make peaceful
contact with this thing that was clearly
not of this world yeah he tried to shoot
it yeah the defense intelligence agency
documented the event in a great detail
and it was sent to NSA the White House
and the
CIA the DIA assessment said this case is
a classic that meets all necessary
conditions for a legimate study of the
UFO phenomena and that didn't end well
for him no it didn't yeah
but he goes why you want to tell the
audience what happened yeah so he was
flying an F4 Phantom jet it was it was
at night over tayron Iran I want to say
it was 75 but it could have been 76 your
audience have to look it up UFO
encounter over Tyron his name was parvis
Jafari and I remember I was working with
Leslie Kane and I was about to go down
to the bottom of the Grand Canyon on a
two- week Expedition maybe even almost
closer to 3we Expedition and Leslie and
I were putting on this event at the
national Press Club in 2007 where we're
going to have all these highlevel
military and government officials from
like seven different countries come and
convene and talk about the reality of
the UFO phenomenon and I thought i' be a
really good example to demonstrate the
global nature of what's going on right
so she calls me up and I'm about to go
down in a canoe in actually a wooden
Dory with this guy I was shooting a
short film on this guy who helped save
the Grand Canyon from like five
introduced dams during the 50s and 60s
his name is Martin L amazing guy sounds
like a hero yeah total hero Co and uh uh
he was greeted like a king going down
the going down the um the the Grand
Canyon of Colorado River in the Grand
Canyon anyway I said Leslie I'm going to
be off the radar there's no phones i' we
have a satellite phone under absolute
extreme emergency if one of us gets hurt
we have the satellite I'm not going to
be reachable at all she goes well my god
well we got this event what are you
doing parvis Jafari he he needs you know
and it was like some astronomical amount
of money to go from because they just
George Bush at the time had said that it
was the axes evil was Iran and so now
they're on the terrorist list and like
trying to fly in the United States and
he's North Korea and Russia yeah it was
I can't remember but at the time it
didn't help my efforts because I was
like oh God now I need to fly this
Iranian General in from tyan right so he
had to fly to like Dubai or something
for a week or two to apply for a Visa
and I had to put him up in this hotel
for like I don't know it was a week or
it was two weeks it a long time and it
was like really expensive thousands and
thousands of dollars and and Leslie says
you know and that's not even sure that
he's going to get his Visa what do you
want to do you I says so I have to spend
I'll just throw a number out there five
grand maybe six grand Seven Grand
whatever it was and I don't even know
he's going to get a visa and then I have
to fly him out on top of all that and
she's like yep I said let's go for it
let's green light this yes go so I go
down the Grand Canyon I come out got the
good news he got his Visa so he comes to
DC and it's an incredible encounter it
was at night
uh he was scrambled to intercept some
unknowns or an unknown and um he uh said
this this object was it was exhibiting a
technology this is the 70s that was just
so far beyond his jet like he was like
it would be here and then it would be
here in the blink of an eye like and it
would Traverse these miles you were
talking about like like you said it
would just stop and it was but he got a
lock on
it and he got the I guess he got the the
the green light or the authority to
shoot at it right so he locks on it and
he tries to shoot it and his whole cabin
everything locks up and he starts
spiraling out of the sky or loses
control and he was like I thought I was
going to have to eject at night over you
know Tyron and uh then the last minute
he regain control but then in
retrospect he told me on camera this was
a very intimate cool moment you know on
reflection of you know all these years
to think about what had actually
happened and he goes you know my biggest
regret was why did I take a hostile
position on this thing I could have
communicated with it in a friendly way
like I you know like we have an unknown
and I just try to shoot it I mean yeah
so that was his biggest regret you know
and it was very interesting but there
was also a psychic too it's like it read
his mind that he was going to shoot it
yeah and then it locked up everything in
his p in his in his jet that's so wild
isn't that wild you hear that a lot but
it was so worth yeah like all the effort
we got but people don't know the
backstory like this that was just one
out of many you know we ended up making
a I know what I saw amazing about yeah
yeah you know for its time yeah yeah
Spielberg L know compelling
Spielberg who's by the way a total UFO
nut is obsessed with he's obviously
coming out with a new well he came out
with his Netflix thing and then he's
coming out with a new feature movie uh
with Emily Blunt I think in the next
year or two so he told me about Ru he
told you about the aial about aerial
School in the 90s that's wild so yeah he
knows his stuff he's like he we have a
mutual friend jenet Yang that worked
with him and Janet I was of course just
young and naive enough to think that I
could get a hey I'm doing a documentary
on UFOs of course Spielberg is going to
meet with me right and uh that didn't
happen but he did actually say to Janet
hey tell him you know he's doing a film
on UFOs he should look into this Landing
case that happened in Africa and of
course I didn't uhhuh because I was like
that didn't happen there's no way a UFO
could landed at school with 100
Witnesses in broad daylight and the
whole world not know about it I just not
know you know yeah how wrong I was yeah
well it seems like a recurring Trope in
your life is you just believe things
when they're first told you so now I I I
know I'm not going to believe it yeah
but I suspend judgment I'm not going to
not believe it good I will look into it
I will review the evidence that's why
yeah it's the best way to be I know I'm
going to get a lot
of push back criticism
for including that encounter in Nellis
test range in the desert 94 I know but
people are going to say I'm already
seeing the Steven green streets and the
I know what they're going to you know
they're going to try to discredit the
whole film based on that and I don't say
with any definitive position that it
happened but how is one supposed to
determine or dig into or uncover more
evidence about a specific case if you
don't know about it yes so we got to
start somewhere you have to start
somewhere absolutely and as long as
you're honest and not Shilling a thing
that you actively disbelieve or whatever
I'm yeah if I didn't believe it I
wouldn't put it in there promise you I
wouldn't do that no you don't guy that
would do that no I fortunately you know
I've never done any of this for the
money you know of course takes money to
to to survive but yeah I just learned
you were while making some of your early
films you were working other job you
were Bing cars it's amazing I worked at
a hotel I I painted I used to paint
houses thank God you persisted yeah I
know awesome and I I I've got a
photograph of me I'll share it with you
not now but during the making of the
phenomenon I mean I that was an
eight-year eight years I ran out of
money had to find new
investors you know disagreement with
former partners as this one partner he
was like we're going to create a hybrid
it's going to be part sci-fi and part
reality I was like no we're not yeah
that's
yeah yeah but anyway I I was doing
random jobs just to you know keep the
cash flowing in because I the the
Investments dried up and even though I'd
made some pretty good documentaries
prior to that you think it would have
been a little easier yeah having had you
know what 20 years or 17 years under my
belt yeah you know I've made money every
one of my films has made money I paid
everybody back 100% of the time they
were considered some of the better films
out there on the topic but no it was not
it was very hard you need a a medich
it's getting easier now
for friendly Patron yeah it's getting
easier now provided I don't get ripped
off on my distributor you won't don't
even say that sorry don't even let it
enter the you're gonna you're gonna be
good I don't want to say that because
I'm not going to have a distri no yeah
exactly go go go I'm going independent I
have to yeah it's exciting so the the
movie last night was it was incredible
there's so many moments one that strikes
me you know it's been talked about a
little bit in the UFO world but I think
you summarize it and go into a level of
detail that's just fascinating that's
this Wilson memo so you have Admiral
Thomas J Wilson the Wilson memo refers
to a document allegedly summarizing a
conversation between Dr Eric Davis and
Admiral Thomas Wilson regarding UFOs and
alleged reverse engineering of
extraterrestrial technology the memo
reportedly written in 2002 discusses
Wilson's claims about the government
secretive programs related to UFOs
including discussions about
unacknowledged special access programs
so complicated God I had tried to I mean
I listened to Richard Dolan's review on
it he's very smart guy yeah listen to
that I contacted everybody in fact some
of the people I contacted were like
that's I can't even talk about that one
it's like and this document was found at
the at MIT estate right and I think I
know the
guy that found it and I'm I also know I
do too I also know
onar who is Edgar Mitchell's goddaughter
M she was a model in the 9s and she was
one in instrumental in helping me get to
Edgar Mitchell for the first time sarus
and a number of other efforts as well I
think I wrote Edgar Mitchell it was in
my 20s I wrote him probably this letters
right I don't even didn't even read
emails I wrote well emails probably two
later but 20 and I had like 20 uh you
know you're persistent I did and that's
awesome I'll get back to the relevance
in a second but I was I was finally with
him at his home we were walking in his
he had a a Corral with horses and
beautiful house in uh in Florida and I
was walking with him and I said gosh you
know Dr Mitchell
like what finally you
know allowed you or permitted you or
made you approve to to meet with me and
I was expected some sort of profound
answer and he go he goes I realized
James you just wouldn't go away yeah
that's awesome that simple that was it
think I didn't woo him with any kind of
no that was it you wouldn't go away
there was no other
way yes there have been ET visitation
there have been crashed craft there have
been uh material and bodies recovered
there was no other way to get rid of me
that's hilarious funny what any anything
that I want to jump back to the Wilson
mem no so I'm G to get to that in a
second so so inar
uh met a girlfriend at the time that I
was dating and they she's like oh my
boyfriend's trying to get to Edgar
Mitchell oh he's my go you know my god
father whatever and let me help so she
did and she got me the interview she
ended up she's doing a biography on him
now and we were talking and she's like
yeah that interview that you got do you
think you can make it available to me
for my I said absolutely you kidding me
yes you can have the whole thing and
then we're talking and she goes you know
uh Edgar michell died and ratry died
there was a FLIR of activity at his
house and this Australian guy I caught
him
leaving the house with like a big
briefcase just like bloated with stuff
and she was looking at him like what are
you doing MH and he's like oh nothing to
see here kind of thing and just kind of
just goes around her and out the door
and he was gone that's what anares told
me she saw that she's like I don't know
what he went into his files took stuff
then later the document right and so
that's I think the moment that that
document walked way out of his house on
tarus caught the guy that was an
Australian guy do you know the guy I
think I do yes what's his name I I'm not
going to give his name out okay yeah so
so but in any case yeah because I was in
Australia just prior to that doing
covering the landing case in westall so
I met a lot of the researchers the
Australian counterparts over there right
so anyway getting back to the memo so
then but but at the time I didn't really
process the significance of the memo and
I wasn't really touching on crash
retrieval stuff because I don't know
when that memo finally went public or
was leaked officially in the sense that
when did it actually
become made public once it walked its
way out of Edgar's house do you know I
don't I maybe fairly recent what year
would would that have been do you know
because I'm only asking because I didn't
put it in the phenomenon but I maybe I
wasn't ready for it I don't know so you
have this this document basically saying
that uh Wilson is extremely frustrated
and he has to meet with Davis because he
met with some Corporation the
corporation has no oversight no
government oversight and uh it's
completely outside of his jurisdiction
he finds a special Access program right
he finds a special Access program they
have 4 to 800 people working but they're
then they're working on uh craft that is
not of this world but progress is sort
of slow and and it's
cumbersome and it's this bombshell
document and he's extremely frustrated
and he's like what's going on like who's
who's in charge here um and he and he
says to to Eric Davis if and he was
saying I should have oversight he's
saying I should have oversight they told
him to kick rocks it's so wild they told
him to kick rocks it's so wild so what
do you you think that document's real I
I I think that's real yeah I would never
have spent 6 months on it because God
there's so many complexities and so many
different moving parts and meetings in
DC and people at at that lab um there
was a guy Shannon up in Shannon Oak
Shannon yeah Oki Shannon at Los Alamos
at Los Alamos verifying you know who
Eric Davis was and to meet with uh with
with the former head of the DIA like
there was just so many things and I was
like okay I need to condense this down I
remember my sister and I worked on this
and I watched everything I could
possibly watch I read it 50 times I I
was like God this memo is just there's
so much to include but but I I really
need to kind of simplify it for the film
right so I really just highlight I mean
I worked very hard on that I was a very
good and the reason
why I got the level of participation I
would say even from Hal is like Hal was
like I'll talk about this because it was
mentioned in open Congressional hearings
and it was actually
uh made part of the record of the
Congressional hearings and I think that
made Hal feel a little more comfortable
to even not to say that hey look I can
affirm this or you know but he didn't
say you know what that's outright that's
just hogwash nothing happened it was
like Hey if this individual is willing
to admit that and then I talk to a bunch
of people behind the scenes a bunch of
people and they all say it's real
absolutely again I wouldn't have put it
in the film if I didn't feel it was
legit I think it's legit too do do you
think the corporation talking to Wilson
is throwing him off when they say the
progress is slow and cumbersome do you
think maybe it's actually they have
reverse engineered UFOs I talked to some
staff members of the Senate arms
committee uhuh and they I was like well
you guys could subpoena Admiral Wilson
right mhm he like yeah we could I guess
we could but we talked to him and uh and
he's like look you know I'm not I'm not
saying anything at all on that they're
like well we're going to bring you into
a skiff he goes okay well you can bring
me into Skip and I'm going to tell you
the same thing I'm telling you right
here so it's not going to make any
difference so they kind of and I asked
this particular staff member I said well
could you subpoena him and I think they
said that yeah that could be done and
not to say that it wouldn't be done at
some point but they that's that was
Admiral M Wilson behind the scenes
recently a couple of weird that's
fascinating couple is that interesting
it's very interesting couple of weird
things about that that meeting took
place in the parking lot
& which is where Bob Lazar I pretty sure
worked really yeah I think bobazar I did
not know I think they found him they
found him in the records there so that's
very strange there's some other weird
connections around G&G like what what
might be going on there a government
contractor to sort of extremely
secretive government cont techies and
right I don't know exactly how they
relate to this but they've come up
enough where they clearly relate to it
somehow and the other weird thing about
that document is I think Eric Davis says
don't listen to ja ja is a liar do you
remember that part of the do I do not
well J yeah who's that I maybe John
Alexander
really yeah and so for people who don't
know John Alexander is this long Spirit
debates with him uhhuh well he you know
obviously since Roswell like knows tons
and tons about he's all he's all the
phenomenon's real but there's no cover
up I looked at him like really well it's
it's one of the things where phenomenon
is real but there's no you're in a room
and you don't know who the py is you're
the py if you're saying there's no cover
up maybe you're part of the cover up or
something so one fact about John
Alexander that I find interesting is you
covered renam so well and I know what I
saw so this is this case of these guys
work I Liv in renam for a long time for
a long time so this is Royal Air Force
Woodbridge right near suffle it's one of
the best landing cases in all of
England's history and you have and
certainly not you know the history of
the that's pretty good case Jim
penniston John Burrows I interviewed the
only I'm the only person to have
interviewed cabansag burough and penison
all the three guys that went out that
night to investigate that and cabansag
got cold feet when I met with him and
yeah and I hear burough has has
sustained some weird possible injuries
that cabansag got close to the craft and
he was got really freaked out and he
apparently stayed back but carry on let
me interrupt you very good liing but but
a very good case that's worth looking in
and and and col Charles halt looked into
this stuff and came to the conclusion
that you know there's something here and
the crazy thing about the whole story
that relates to Alexander is I think
John Alexander gave the readout and knew
about this before anybody in the US yeah
yeah so there's some there's some how
you how do you know that I heard about
this from a friend who's incredibly well
well connected somebody that you you
hold up yeah very high esteem yeah and
so interesting yeah yeah yeah H that's
funny because we were shooting in La
MH and John and I have had great you
know dinners together and I'll tell them
exactly how I feel yeah you're wrong
I'll say I and I think I could Prov in a
court of law that you're wrong with
overwhelming evidence yeah and he you
know kind of but then he was on set in
La when I was telling you I was filming
stuff in La he was on set and again I I
like John Alexander I really get along
with him I mean in the sense that but I
tell him to his face how I feel I I
disagree with you strongly I don't think
you're correct on this one and and but
then there were people on set they like
who's this
spook I'm serious they were like who's
this spook this guy's spook he needs to
leave are there are there any he's just
poker around the are there any people
you can definitively say are sort of Bad
actors in modern ufology then I know
maybe I I don't want to I try not to be
negative or overly negative but just for
the audience's sake around who should if
you're new to this stuff who should
curate information for you is there
anybody to look out for as to you know
maybe steer clear maybe avoid maybe look
at a little more skeptically well here's
how I feel about it anybody making
definitive statements as to exactly
what's going
on I'm highly du of oh it's for sure do
you know what I mean I do you tell
somebody that's like I know exactly
what's going on I'm like really I don't
know about that you know I'll be the
first one to tell you I have no idea
what's going on yeah yeah I have a
little tiny idea yeah you know when
people say this many six races yeah I'm
like I don't look I'm starting to cover
Close Encounters of the Third Kind only
recently in my in my long career yeah
it's a slippery slope and those claims
require evidence you know and even the
people who've seen these things
firsthand though don't know often what
they are they go this is classifiable
and there's nothing wrong with
admitting just because we can't explain
it doesn't mean it didn't happen right
yeah or it doesn't mean it doesn't exist
and I'm so I was telling you earlier I'm
I've learned to be open and and to
suspend judgment and listen to the
testimony and dig a Little Deeper yeah
again that's why I'm including a
controversial case it's going to be a
case that people are going have trouble
with yeah I know that but it's like
hey you know these guys were on duty
again we have a date we have a location
and we have the names of the other
Witnesses hopefully more will come out
yeah you know yeah but anyway mean no
terms of John Alexander yeah I and I
don't know I don't want to accuse of any
I don't know but but there's I think
there may be an interesting threat
always highly dubious of people that say
they have all the answers there's this
many races this was happening does
Alexander say that stuff no no
no I don't think he'd go that far but
there are people out there that you know
make those assertions and stuff well
it's like Dodie would say this guy you
know Richard Dodie who was we now know
was counter Intel for the Air Force like
he admitted like he would throw people
off the trail and he would speak
insanely definitively about you know we
have this many races and like you know
these yeah John le would say [__] like
that which makes me you again John leer
I don't know if he was like an agent or
useful idiot but like he was a disinfo
arm or extension clearly to me like he
was you know and he was Bill Cooper guys
like that white let me tell you how the
government works you had the aliens the
come on like you know and there there
there can be bits and kernels of Truth
and a lot of this stuff but look I'll
give you an example why I never believed
Hollman and I didn't even look into it
for a long time and that's because they
were like oh yeah President Eisenhower
had a meeting with an
alien really you know
yeah maybe that was deliberately put out
there to throw people off the trail that
a landing did happen at Hollowman Air
Force Base now I'm kind of convinced
that it did yeah well the best often the
best disinfo is slightly adjacent to the
truth so you what you'll do is you'll
say put out some wacky stuff in
connection to something wacky actually
happens then you'll put out a wacky
thing that's like right next to it then
you'll debunk that thing definitively
and it's like that's over and then it
takes the whole thing out and it takes
the whole thing out because you can't
speculate at all on left at Eastgate I
think it was was was a book written
about that there was actual contact with
aliens at bent wers in 1980 now all the
key players that I've talked to and I've
talked to all a lot of them Gordon
General Gordon Williams Deputy base
commander Charles halt um peniston
Burrows bansag nobody and and other one
other Witnesses are in um I know what I
saw no one talks about aliens none of
those guys okay no but then one book
came out that there that there was alien
contact yeah excuse me and that threw
everybody off it's like oh yeah they met
with aliens that is a prime example in
my opinion of disinformation to throw
people off the trail absolutely and
often these things are put out in the
worst Outlet so it's like why is the
Daily Mail getting like the first
stories like they're like the cia's
office of global access has a I also
think they they systematically use
marginal like weird fringy Outlets that
aren't super believable when it comes to
putting out actually very good credible
information and that way you can retract
it if people don't you know most Source
not the most credible source so so you
have the daily reporting on something
that really happens The Daily Mail
reporting about you know an egg-shaped
UFO from Area 51 a year ago you have uh
them reporting on the cia's office of
global access being the main you know
part of the crash retrieval program all
around the world wait wait wait what do
they say the in the Daily Mail they say
that the CIA has this office of global
access C did yeah yeah and so so no it's
fascinating and so you know I think that
is a strategy I I hate talking about
Epstein I I won't after this but I do
think this relates a little bit um so G
gilain Maxwell yes she's in prison now
she's she's in prison now yeah her
father's Robert Maxwell you know this
you know MI6 mad Affiliated you know
kind of defin definitely that's a fact
oh fact fact yeah yeah intelligence
Associated guy yeah and he was kind of
always a rival of rert Murdoch like
Murdoch and he would always kind of go
at CU he owned a lot of um you know
various he owned the pergamon Press
bunch of textbooks actually in the US
he's a big player oh big media mag for
sure oh and he would have these lavish
birthdays in the 80s and and you'd have
like all sorts of you know really famous
people show weird he owned the national
Inquirer and so I always think it's like
if you're trying to like marginalize a
thing or actually condition people into
like believing it or put out the
adjacent Theory and then like be able
test the waters do whatever you buy a
publication like that and you can you
can do whatever you want you know and so
I I think that stuff used strategically
I you know uh why did in
to relatively unknown filmmakers get
this unprecedented level of access
making of UFOs past present or future I
mean anybody that looks at that film I
mean they've got I mean they've got full
access in the military B active you're
talking about um bober and alen Sandler
but but wasn't Rod Serling uh yeah
rodling yeah yeah narrated it but it's
like that well they were approached by
the dod they basically yeah but they
basically admit in the film that it's
real and they put forth some really [__]
crazy like accounts you know I mean like
contact look they're saying contact yeah
with acted military at Hallman Air Force
Base in 1972 or 74 Whatever It
ultimately got released like who was
behind that I'm a I'm a little skeptical
of it and the reason skeptical of who's
behind it or no well they were
originally approached by Nellis Air
Force Base and they were I think
promised that they would be shown a UFO
well yeah were given they were well they
were given one bit of footage which he
still has to this day and that is u a a
a a launch at vanderberg Air Force Base
of an atlas rocket MH and there's uh two
or I think it's two discs that are
flying around the tip of this Atlas
rocket watch doing thousands of miles
across the sky how do we get the video
Jame I know I'll play a recording from
Allan about it yeah um but he's like if
you get 25 Grand is like
20134 you get 25 Grand I will I'll you
know I had to put the money into an
escro account that I go to his house and
he's going to show me the footage and if
it's not everything he said it was I'll
get the money back you know and if it is
and he gets the money you know and then
La I got the money together at the last
minute nope not going to do it ah and so
uh he I I went coincidentally multiple
times since then and I met with him at
his house and he's got the footage and I
was like so you just going to die with
this footage you know and and
um uh he's like yeah probably you know
he said my Lord say I have nothing to
gain I'm a wealthy man I'm retired like
I'm not going to risk stepping on I was
like well you know then why don't you
give it back to the government I know I
know some people that could you know so
that's I don't know so I I it's always
but it's not the Hallen Landing case
it's still it's a pretty good totally
two different camera angles according
I've talked to people that have seen it
but some some inside me thinks that
maybe the Air Force or the dod decided
we were going to flip into being vaguely
Pro
UFO uh at least in the ET
extraterrestrial context in the early
70s because you had the Condon
commission sort of basically just kill
Blue Book that's 66 to 69 then nobody
really talks that much about you know
any of this stuff and then in you saying
that Ed Edward Conan that that he was a
panel in in what what year was that this
is a this is the crazy preh on cond so
Condon was good friends with Oppenheimer
in fact they studied at Gan together in
the Germany in the 1930s so they had
known each other forever uh Conan is
from Alam mordo so he helped pick Los
Alamos as the spot for the Manhattan
Project for sure for sure fact he wrote
the Los Alamos primer which every single
employee of the Manhattan Project had to
read upon arrival then weeks into the
Manhattan Project he falls out with
Leslie Groves over issues with like
overco compartmentalization and secrecy
which is feels like this weird thing
it's like you know he's so close with he
he wrote actually the first English
language Tex textbook on quantum
mechanics he's just renowned physicist
he's so close with Oppenheimer and it
feels like this bizarre sort of story
then he goes on to kind of to work on
civilian Outreach when it comes to kind
of nuclear initiative so obviously with
nuclear you need Nuclear Physics as like
an academic program but there's some
Trade Secrets around building the bomb
that you want to keep Secret in 46 he
writes the McMahon secrecy act and this
is at the time the most important sort
of protocol when it comes to secrecy
around nuclear trade secrets in 1954 the
atomic energy commission gets formed doe
and the doe gets formed exactly and uh
that's basically you know Oppenheimer
sarbacher uh uh and they're creating
they have you know special special
definition of nuclear material is
basically anything emitting any sort of
radiological properties you know Alpha
Beta whole different classification it's
immed it's born secret do you actually
read the atomic energy act if something
is not a nuke but it has radiological
energy coming off it you know Alpha Beta
Decay whatever same secrecy same secrecy
and so it immediately falls into this
sort of do doe classification system
completely free from oversight isn't
that right completely fre yeah
completely as compartmentalized from
like you know civilian government so you
have you know keep super secret it's not
TS TSS it's npq it's an entirely
different classification system and you
know it's all occurring in these
incredibly sensitive areas as well
because the crashes sort of mostly occur
there that's little known secret and
that you are very aware of and that
language for the atomic energy
commission is using the McMahon secrecy
Act of 46
so so cond is basically writing up UFO
secrecy before he then debunks the
entire thing and and this is okay this
is it gets even deeper I don't know how
much you want me to keep found really
good color footage of Condon for the for
the phenomenon incredible that little
smirky face he had on when he was it's
so cynical I was like this guy's mind's
made up I know exactly where this is
going well he's his members of his staff
are saying that they you know actively
are not taking anything seriously he's
meeting with Air Force Colonel Robert
hippler at the time and Robert saying
please show this as a waste of money so
the Air Force can stop paying for this
and their letters their transcripts that
we have now between the two uh and here
here's here's where it killed it for so
long here's where it gets so weird so
there is um an FBI field agent named guy
hoddle he's a Washington field agent and
the number one memo on the FBI's website
the number one the most searched for
memo is called the Huddle memo and it's
basically describing an air a force
technical officer coming upon a craft
that is crashed and you have the crew
intact and so it's you know this guy
claiming that there are aliens inside
this craft who's crashed and it's on the
FBI's website so you're like what the
hell is this and it's it's a memo to guy
hle so guy hodle is a guy who clearly is
aware of the UFO issue and guy hoddle is
investigating Condon in the early 50s
right around the time that Oppenheimer
gets his Q clearance stripped remember
we talked that earlier cond has the same
sort of kangaroo court process and he
gets his Q clearance stripped as well
and so it's this crazy thing where you
know maybe actually die hodle what was
his so he's doing he's so he's
investigating Condon oh that I missed
that detail so so he's creating a
dossier in the background on Condon and
Condon is getting his Q clearance
stripped so you have a UFO knowledgeable
FBI agent creating a dossier on the guy
who wrote up UFO Secret
so so can't make this stuff up can't
make it up so cond cond then doesn't
have his Q clearance for the longest
time till the conon commission 66 he's
out of the government and and this guy
named Lou branscome comes to him Lou
branscome is on the Jason advisory
committee and he is uh uh studied under
Don Menzel Don Menzel is the number one
skeptic UFO debunker but he's also
rumored to be the deepest in the in the
on the Majestic 12 or whatever
equivalent committee or whatever Stanton
Freedman was a real advocate for that he
goes if it's not called Majestic 12
there's a group disliked it's a
legitimate document it establishes one
that a flying Sauer crashed two that the
wreckage was recovered
1947 three that the government has
successfully kept that secret since that
time for that a very high level group
including as it happens the first four
directors of Central Intelligence first
Secretary of Defense Etc was set up
established to deal with he wasc well
those were all the guys who were like
so so Menzel is this you know kind of
incredibly smart astronomer he's at
Harvard and um he works at the I think
Bureau of public standards as well and
you know like the the the time zones
like that sort of thing you know so also
like the kind of public astronomical
data at the time so his understudy this
guy Lou branscome who's on the Jason
advisory committee so it's again deep as
you get as it gets when it comes to
larger you know American defense policy
goes to Condon and Conan even is talks
about this there's a transcript where
Conan is talking about this in an
American Institute of physics interview
and he says hey you know maybe it's time
you get your clearance back and condon's
go do a little job for him yeah
literally he that's like finish tou that
secrecy document that you wrote in the
40s exactly no reason given he's just
he's given his Q clearance back it was
probably like hey we have all this
comprom mod on you cuz guy hodle has it
so do your job he comes back he ends up
the University of Colorado Boulder and
he does an absolute hit job on
UF inconsistent with the data within the
body of the report it completely incon
exactly absolutely it's like they just
wrote a summary basically hoping that
the media wasn't going to do their job
and sipped through the actual cases that
they because they they determined that
UFOs are real it's not all UFOs are any
UFOs real yeah you know it was a
brilliant job and it really it killed
that was it it all fell apart and it
took so long but I want to get back to
you mentioned that guy hoddle's uh FBI
memo another FBI memo that was extremely
popular on the FBI's website I featured
it in out of the blue and honestly I
don't know if it's still floating around
on the FBI site it probably is I would
imagine but it's in is it Eisenhower's
own handwriting no no no j gaho j gaho
writes and you there's there's multiple
interpretations of this cuz it looks
like sa yeah or it could be like a w
that wasn't written quite right they're
just not quite sure but it says a former
director of the FBI J Edgar Hoover was
also denied access as he stated in his
own handwriting in July of
1947 we must insist upon full access to
discs recovered Hoover continued the
Army grabbed it and wouldn't let the
bureau have it for cursory examination
and it's in jover's own handwriting on
this document it says as in take the SA
or s W could be Southwest and don't know
mhm case the art it was a crash disc the
Army grabbed it and wouldn't let us have
it for cursory examination and it was
written like 5 days or six days or a
week after Roswell so that was did you
ever see that it's in out of the blue
and you could and I actually put at the
time in out of the blue of course that's
changed now because that was probably
late 90s or early 2000s probably late '
90s and um that was the document that
was on the FBI's own website and I
remember members of of Staff members of
Congress at the time cuz I it God it was
it was right around 2000 I went around
and I gave out copies of out of the blue
to every single member of the House and
Senate uhuh 535 and every letter was
personally addressed to their Chief of
Staff so there was like a lot of work
right so I wrote like a kind of a
template letter and then I had
535 and at the time it was VHS tapes
that's what they used and I had 535 VHS
tapes that I gave out to every member of
the House and Senate oh right God and
one of the documents that they were most
impressed I had a conversation with some
of the staff members at the time but
they're like that FBI memo yeah it's
like oh my God it's right there in black
and white you know if we could just
figure out and apparently at the time
and probably it's changed since then but
it was one of the most popular memos or
documents on the FBI's website that was
downloaded all the time that's why when
you said guy hoddle yeah remember that
it's so f it is and it is interesting CU
you mentioned maybe there is something
more to The Majestic 12 documents you
now have doull's diary coming out and it
says on the day that you know Eisenhower
was supposedly sort of briefed on this
stuff it says you know meeting with the
president or whatever so this stuff it
comports in such a you know kind of be a
lot more coming out very specific way
you think so well because people are
digging for it now yeah people are
digging the surface area come out I mean
look like I remember watching l zando on
60 Minutes and you know there was this
sort of incredulous look on the
interviewer's face and L's like look I'm
not telling you they're real yeah the
government just admitted that they're
real the government has already stated
for the record that they're real I'm not
telling you that the United States
government is telling you that the
phenomenon is real that's done we're
moving beyond that you know and that
happened that's why I said earlier on
the show it's like you're not putting
the genie back in the bottle like you
can't make that statement the
implications are so
profound that if all that is true for
all of humanity there's no way we're
just going to sit on the sidelines and
just ignore you know what I mean like
keep keep taking I remember I posted
something on on X Twitter x uh I maybe
it was like a year ago or something and
people were really discouraged because
you know David grush comes forward and
says all the things he says and amazing
gressional hearings and then it seemed
like we almost kind of went backwards a
little bit like they did a hit job on on
Mr gush yeah there were some denials and
you know and I said everybody calm down
because people were really freaking out
I said I've seen this pattern you know
increments nothing like what I've seen
in 2017 now but hey I've seen efforts to
get this stuff out and we are making
progress there's no question about it I
mean I remember in 20072 2008 there was
a release of previously classified
documents of the British government the
French government they started releasing
stuff there's stuff coming out there's
press conferences there's things
happening and now and that has escalated
between 2017 and and today
2024 um exponentially in my opinion and
I just tell everybody like you know
those are feeling discouraged don't
worry we take one step back two steps
forward um there's going to be there's
going to be um pretty significant
progress in my opinion in the next five
years like I wouldn't be surprised if if
it wasn't like at least a disclosure in
the sense that and I've talked to
government insiders about this a plan is
for when I say full disclosure they say
they're not going to give up the
technology that's not going to happen
they might be an admission of having
some but that there is definitive proof
that we're not alone now that I'm told
by 2030 am I going to sit there and make
a prediction that's absolutely F fact no
I'm not if I had to guess one way or the
other did you I well I bet Mick West
$10,000 oh you did okay which is such a
stupid bet if you were to have like I
should have 100,000 to one odd but I
just bet one to one oh you did yeah
because because I because I just I
believe that I believe what you're say
you guys put the money in a joint
account so we we like wrote up something
and I don't I don't remember it was
signed or gentleman's thing talk to the
mick wests out there you know CU there's
people I'm going to be under attack
everybody's under attack fair enough
I've seen this before you know this is
nothing new i i in fact there's a lot
less of you today than there was when I
first started in the '90s I everybody
attacking me I think it's good and it
causes us to like raise our game or
whatever fine hey look I don't blame
them I get it you know it's like the
issue I just debated Michael Shermer you
know Michael sh I debated him on on
Larry King l oh there you go if UFOs
were and I use the word if were buzzing
around in our airspace who would be best
equipped to know about it uh well our
government perhaps military maybe so
we've got the highest ranking military
officials in the world telling us right
now that these things are real we've got
we've got generals we've got Admirals
we've got Colonels we've got presidents
Governors but it's always it's it's the
same thing about it too you have I'd
love to hear your experience cuz it's
like always like you have this data set
that they don't have yeah and you're
like look into that like look at this
but you can't right now because we're in
a live debate setting and they always
say oh I'll look into that and then they
have these like armchair smug like oh
God doesn't it just oh irritates the
heck out of meit I'll see this little
smirk on their face and they're like
it's all anecdote evidence I'm like
radar photographs visual confirmation
ground radar airto air radar like that's
not anecdotal I'm sorry okay I might not
have the disc in my possession maybe
they do but you know that's really
compelling evidence that's like all the
sensory data that the military has yeah
well like in the case that's not
anecdotal it's not anotal in the case of
nits it's like multisensory at the very
least it's Fleer which we have but it's
multisensory you have 11 or 12 Witnesses
you have three days you know four four
people in Planes put their eyes on four
people in the planes put their eyes on
it then like dog fight there was like a
dog fight with it or whatever and so to
say that that's just your eyes Playing
Tricks on you no you you either have to
figure out that we have Next Level
spoofing Tech like that's on you then
it's either that or the thing is is real
and worthy of Investigation but look the
history of it you know I did in the
phenomenon one of the things I really
wanted to do was settle that debate once
and for all MH there is irrefutable in
my opinion and the opinion of anyone
that's looked into this refutable
evidence irrefutable data that there's a
technology that
exhibits uh characteristics that are
light years Advanced you know than
things we had back in the 40s and even
today and what I did at the end of the
film is I would put testimony from
people that had sightings in the in the
50s 60s 7s all the way up to 2004 and
all the pilots are describing pretty
much the same damn thing had the ability
to hover Accelerate from a stal sight in
the blink van ey right angle turns at
high speed without any Sonic Boom
without any wake without any real
visible yeah means of propulsion you
know all these things yeah those are
that's observed that's that's 75 years
easily I could prove that in cor yeah
what exactly is it it doesn't appear to
be us it's not the Russians not the
Chinese guess what I went to Russia in
the 90s I interviewed Generals in Russia
I interviewed military personnel I
interviewed civilians Witnesses in
Russia i' done the same in China
apparently in Russia they would use uh
nuclear material to bait UFOs I got to
Russia and I remember sitting down with
this Admiral and he said to my
interpreter he's like look if you're
here to ask me whether or not the
phenomenon is real the door is right
over there I'm here to talk about the
implications and opening the doors to a
possible uh uh communication um with
International Communication like like an
exchange of information in on
International level is what they're
interested in and and um and in China I
mean I was Observe technology it's it's
it's Global and the Americans are like
oh well it could be Russians I was like
hear that oh it could be the no it's not
the Russians yeah how do I know I've
been there right yeah they're shrugging
their shoulders just like we are 100%
you know and this stuff I mean you
really have to go back to like 40s and
50s around our most precious nuclear
assets there's no shot like now yeah we
might have like you know I have to
drones that are flying you know really
fast and of course we've got things that
are misidentified as youu yeah but but
but at that time we just didn't have
anything close you didn't have Dar DARPA
was I think the early' 70s or like late
60s there's there's just no chance we we
had like the xp80 like I'm just thinking
about our most advanced you know uh uh
flight tech at the time and it it just
wasn't even close well okay this is
really kind of it was sort of a natural
um say realization I you know I know
I've heard about the connection with
with nukes and UFOs uhhuh kind of a
little bit you know brush the surface
whatever when I met with Senator Reed um
and it was funny
because you know sat he sat down and I
think they said he's got like 46 minutes
you know and then he's out of here you
know very you know so I got down to like
having like three minutes left of his
presence and um I said oh god I've
forgot to get a Walkin talk I need a
b-roll shot and didn't have time for
like oh and the security details looking
at me and make it quick kind of thing
like okay let's hit this let's hit this
hallway you know we hit the hallway and
I'm like well I'm walking with the
former Senate majority leader who you
know spearheaded this whole program I
you should ask him a question so I said
hey what was and the audio wasn't great
because I didn't I don't think we were
miked at that point I said hey what was
one of the more I think I said
astonishing aspects that you uncovered
during ATP and during your efforts to
you know investigate the stuff and like
immediately without a pause he goes the
fact that they're shutting down our
nukes basically yeah yeah that's when I
got in touch with Robert hting and I was
like I got to cover that in the film so
I went back and I remember being that's
such a powerful part of such a powerful
thing and I remember and Hastings thank
you Robert he was amazing the level of
access he gave me all of his material he
was like go you know and gave me all of
his material and I think I um
compensated him by helping him build a
fence in his yard in in crestone Valley
really cool any case uh my buddy Lance
munja was in the edit room with me and
we're listening to all these different
accounts of sightings in and around like
New Mexico and other surrounding states
and he goes
James why don't you get a map out let's
put the map on the wall we going to put
a little pen where all these are
happening so we did that and I was like
thinking to myself the time like who do
you want to get a map for you know but
he was dead right so every time we get
to an archive interview or a case in
goes the pin the proximity to Trinity
site was unbelievable yeah yeah yeah
like it was like here's Trinity site it
was like dink dink dink dink dink d d
the nuclear connection shows up if if
absolutely I mean like it's like the
Nimitz you know carrier strike group or
whatever is that a nuclear well most
most it's can't say for sure it's
classified but it's most of these things
have nuclear have tactical nukes on
board so I don't know nukes on board oh
yeah is it nuclear power too and it I
might be I don't know but I I'm pretty
sure they yeah cuz they can stay out to
sea forever so there so there's that
there's there's a there's a town in
Japan nuk on there's a town in Japan
called Leno which is in Fukushima which
is famous for its 2011 spill and for
nuclear spill they have a civilian
nuclear grid is that when that happened
2011 yeah and they have a town dedicated
to UFOs where like you know a very high
percentage of the residents believe in
UFOs you have a museum around UF Vice
made a documentary on this in like
2020 yeah you have um baral loce is a is
is a nuclear energy grid um and uf's
buzzing there Argentina 95 I believe
there's a famous UFO case around there
so it's one of these things where
you know I always this is how I take
Skeptics down the rabbit Hol go you know
Robert Hastings UFOs and nukes or the
phenomena nuclear connection section you
know one of those things because you
it's this beautiful like it's like the
most credible Witnesses super compelling
it's super compelling they're taking out
the NSA uses the top cryptography for
all of the you know uh nuclear Armament
and disarmament and the idea that
they're just like taking down silos is
absolutely insane in fact in 2010 wired
wrote an article about Fe Warren
where there was an outage in Fe Warren
it was this big story just because you
know one of our nuclear sites went down
the power went out for an hour and
Hastings after he had retired and
written UFOs and nukes back channeled to
the missileers there and they were like
yeah there was a Tic Tac flying around
that's what caused the outage so well I
got I got a story from my not well I
won't go into too much detail uh but my
not Air Force Base some wherever they
come from
somebody is in minet shutting off the
missiles so there was a guy we started
researching another reason why we got uh
what footage was that interview yeah he
did a a a a project called like a
project sign or project archive sign
overall effort to study saucers was
called project sign with headquarters at
wri field in Ohio in 1949 sign Personnel
wrote a top secret report concluding
UFOs were extraterrestrial craft when
the report made it to the desk of Chief
of Staff General hoit Vandenberg though
he rejected it and ordered all copies
burned this rejection from the top was
in the view of many the death nail for
objective study of UFOs and he went
around in the 80s I don't know if it was
early as the 70s but definitely the 80s
and 90s and he interviewed all these
critical Witnesses from like the
50s and 60s that were in their Twilight
years and thank God cuz he got
interviews that quite frankly nobody
even knew existed that's why when you
get like an historian like Richard Dolan
who watched the phenomenon and he goes
God I never knew that archive footage
existed or there was an interview with
so and so or this person you know and I
got in touch with this guy and he's to
this day is sitting on interviews from
well the interviews were in the ' 80s
but the the incidents occurred Min not
Air Force space and I want to say in '
66 or it could have been' 68 they were
separated by Miles right and and at
night they had to when they were working
on these things they would have one guy
down in the hole and then another guy
armed guard standing there armed guard
protecting while the guy's down there
with the silo open working on it and it
was like 2:00 in the morning or 3:00 in
the morning and a UFO came over the base
and apparently was like hovering and the
guy was screaming like it's it's Landing
it's a you it's like a orange you know
orb coming down landing and the guy in
the airplane I said was a guy in
airplane flying over the base and he
could see the UFO landing he interviewed
that guy the pilot he interviewed the
guy that was you know the armed guard
that was watching it all land parting
one of the most spectacular incidences
and unprecedented interviews and you
reminded me when you started talking
about that stuff I need to I need to go
back and revisit and and and and do a
piece on that because that is test
testimony that the world hasn't seen and
I know that's amazing the individual has
you he yeah I'm going to do some pl we
got some plans with it but I I managed
to get some footage of it and I credited
the guy in in the phenomenon and I'm
sorry I can't remember more details on
that but apparently it's the most
dramatic case and testimony ever heard
ever given about a UFO in the nukes W
what's his name Mario is it Mario it'll
come to me it's in the credits of of of
the phenomenon his name will come to me
and when it does I'll I'll let you know
we could you could put it over the
screen here because I'm I'm struggling
to remember the guy but it's so you know
another interesting aspect of the UFOs
nukes thing that I almost hesitate to
say because it I think maybe in the
minds of certain people who are you know
not uh capable of understanding this
possibility that sort of marginalizes
the story a little bit is that I think a
high percentage of people who've had
Close Encounters of the crafts
themselves around nuclear bases have
actually had abduction cases as well so
I was on the phone with Hastings yeah
and it was like I was like you know what
percentage of the because cuz he he
wrote a follow it' be Beyond ter go he
wrote a follow-up book uh called
confessions with Bob Jacobs Bob Jacobs
was the photo instrumentation specialist
vandenbberg sees in 64 sees the UFO
circling around you know the atlas 5
dumy missile filmed it and then the Air
Force office of special investigation
he's so incredible he's awesome he's so
incredible you see theage did he gave
katrick no what did he say he he can be
a little hotheaded sometimes if he
didn't mince
words I posted on my Twitter again was
really funny okay can't wait yeah da
Dave grush told me he's going back to DC
sometime in the next week or so I said
Dave please do something for me tell Dr
kpatrick that Dr Jacob says [__] you
that's that's unbelievable he was so
upset because apparently he went he went
and met with him he gave him all the the
documents and the case it happened and
told him where the footage was or where
it should have been and it was taken and
I guess katrick just completely
dismissed all of that he's been
traumatized because he or Dr Jacobs was
I've never seen he's so articulate he's
so funny and he's so I just love that
guy well they they they uh took him out
as a photo instrumentation specialist
and then they said that he never worked
at the Air Force which is ridic all the
documentation I covered it out of the
blue exactly and then his former his
former boss came out later and was like
no this guy worked for me like what are
you talking but they tried to erase him
oh my God it's really it's really messed
up and this is time and time again uh
Bob Hastings the Fe Warren guys that I
mentioned the missileers they they their
careers were really hit after this you
you and I know what I saw you talk about
um uh peniston you know not not making
it to as high of a rank as he probably
could have because he you know was a
witness for the Rend it was care
enhancing move at all not at all so but
the with the really crazy sub thread
that I think people AR thank God he's
amazing he's a legend and total Legend
total Legend I know but this book that
he wrote after UFOs and nukes is called
confessions and it's about his own his
personal experien abduction cases put it
he put his reputation on the line for
that one I commend him for that did I
agree because that's that's a risky move
it is and it's it's tough I think for
people to realize that I mean that guy's
so detail oriented he emailed me I never
met him he emailed me after I did my
piece with grush and he was like
actually it was like a lower percent of
missileers that I interviewed it was
like 12 out of the 167 no way but I
loved it I mean he wrote me this long
thing wow super detailed yeah and I was
like thank you for that I was like I
should make a correction you know but it
was like extremely semantic thing but I
was like oh this guy's legit yeah and we
talked and I could tell he was extremely
detail detail oriented and then there's
this bizarre kind of follow-up angle of
like but you know I've also had these
experiences myself which by the way in
the worldview where there showing up in
on these you know nuclear bases which
are incredibly protected for everything
else of course they can show up in your
bedroom too you know and they can they
can track the people themselves and
that's a weird thing to admit I've never
had those experiences but I've met very
credible people that I have tremendous
respect for that with nothing to gain
and everything to lose that I have to
say I was like I believe them I've never
covered that aspect of the phenomenon
and any of my films yes and I've had
people criticize me for that yes but
it's like I feel like baby steps I feel
like you can't go too far because I know
my own progression has taken decades
like you know I can like I said I'm a
nuts and bolts kind of guy I
need that's entering into a realm that
there's even less evidence for right
sure than some of these other cases
although although you do have like
impl well I'll tell you biological
changes and I met with uh Bob hang not
Bob Jacob sorry um um um I'm looking at
his face right now he's written the book
He's written a number of books on uh
so-called alien abductions um David
Jacob no yeah sorry Leslie Kane was with
Ralph Blum though no uh he uh he came to
my he attended this event any case I met
with him and he said he he ended up
dying like Hopkin Bud Hopkins he ended
up dying like a year or two later of
cancer and he was all excited I was I
was in New York City to see Leslie we
were putting on this event together and
he's like oh I want to have coffee with
you I want to show you something and he
was all excited I'm not really that into
the whole I'm not not into it I just
haven't really looked in you know
professionally for any of my films
because I feel like it's a slippery
slope in any case he had a number of
so-called experiencers from all around
the
world and he said I want you to draw
what you see on the inside of the ship
on the the table and they all drew the
same symbol on the wall what was the
symbol I can't remember but it was like
you can't do that I'm sorry I it's like
almost 20 years ago but I remember
looking at the different variations of
this clearly looking at the same damn
thing do you know how the hell no I had
no idea what it got take it to a
symbolic he was look we had a 15minute
thing and he was super excited about it
and he had drawings from all these
different people we have to figure out
none of them knew each other well I
don't know yeah again this is not my
area of expertise and I don't really
look I don't not look into them I'll
listen and again I suspend but that was
the most compelling evidence for alleged
abduction cases because they were all
drawing a slightly different variation
of that yes no question he was like what
do you see and they were drawing it yeah
and it was like oh my God this is
impossible how how's this even possible
and he was all excited about it yeah so
anyway that's that's my two cents on the
alien abduction aspect well you have
Gary noan who's a Stanford Professor
he's you know claimed not an abduction
but you know aliens at the foot of his
bed I would have been probably six or
seven cuz it was in our first house uh
that we my parents had bought in Windsor
uh of little men in the bedroom you know
I mean uh I was awake I knew they were
there I could see them room and stuff
and so you you have you know some
extremely credible people who've done
very real things
outside of UFOs and aliens or whatever
like he's a Nobel nominee every year and
he said that what a risky thing to to
report on why would any why would
anybody do that to themselves knowing
it's like you know well that's what I
think I think the dirty secret is that
everybody has something
autobiographical and that that causes
them to look into this or or you know
and I think that that's should be owned
and it shouldn't be a source of Shame
yeah you know I talked last night cuz
I've had my own experiences you know and
I just said you know I'd rather just not
and the reason my reason going to bring
that my reasoning behind it is it really
has nothing to do with where my position
stands today with the phenomenon and I
think that people might interpret that
as like oh well he's clearly jaded
because he saw something or he thinks he
saw something I have no interest in
proving well it also would be weird if
you hadn't it'd be I think it'd be
weirder if you hadn't seen anything so
it's like
you're kind of damned if you do damned
if you don't but if you do if you do
it's like I Bas I base I base my beliefs
today on my interaction with Witnesses
my research you
know I mean I remember going to the
National Archives and and that's a whole
story but coming up with all those
original documents from Project Blue
Book files that were so amazing because
it was right there in black and white
some color of of the documents mentation
of one of my favorite Landing cases it
was like the footprints of the alien was
documented in a diagram by the first
military officer on the scene like oh my
God you know yeah like it's right there
yeah yeah and and so that is why that
and all the other cases all around the
world that have investigated as why I
believe what I believe today and I feel
like if I start talking about some
personal experience that I had you know
people were like oh well you don't want
to start there I don't really you know
what I mean yeah yeah no I get that I
don't think it's going to help me any
bit and it doesn't really matter no well
well I I talk about yeah yeah like you
know I thought James was a freak now I
know he is no no I I I think I think
quite the contrary but you uh I think
sold some UFO footage to Logan Paul is
that no I didn't sell it to him no
here's what happened yeah
so this is so funny
yeah he went on his podcast yeah well
okay
in the 90s on my first
documentary I was working with this guy
Chuck Clark Chuck Clark a self-described
military Watchdog says FBI agents and
other lawmen used a sealed search
warrant to seize his property including
computers and personal files Bob Lazar
was just exploding in the headlines it
was all over the place it was in the 90s
I think he came met public in ' 89 but
in any case it was in the early mid 90s
whatever and everyone's talking about
bobazar and his tape
it was exploding I mean it was all over
the news everybody's you know cuz wow if
it's true you know
really and uh Chuck Clark who had
written a handbook on Area 51 S4 guide
and he was an amateur astronomer and he
was out under the night sky quite often
in and around the base or not in the
last fight areas he had he had figured
out a way that there were a handful of
Vantage points on these specific
mountain ranges where he could
he could spy on the base and he would
take people out there and stuff and so
and he had a sighting of something that
exhibited technology that was just you
know light years like ding ding ding so
I was interviewing from that and and I
was going back and forth during that
period of production and became friends
and hung out with him on a numerous
occasions and and one day he called me
up and he said I'll give you the trunked
version but he said James I got
something you need to see and I was like
oh okay well I'm like 12 hours away way
at least he I said well you know can you
tell me anything more he goes well I can
tell you that when you see it your jaw's
going to hit the floor I said that good
he goes that good cancel my plans jump
in my car boo went straight out to to uh
Al the alien or little Rachel Nevada
going to it he had a he had a trailer
and and uh he popped in this VHS tape
and there were two guys on a on a
typical road trip I know the type I've
done it myself you know they videotaping
each other goofing off they're listening
to music they're driving down the long
you know Road super remote desert
highway they're goofing off and the
little alien and then all of a sudden
they're super
serious they're inside a parked car it's
Dusk and you know uh they're arguing in
the car like one of them's like the
object is either over them or coming
towards them and almost over them and
they're yelling back and forth the car
and it sounds to me like they're trying
to crawl under the seat that's what it
sounded like at the
time then the dashboard lights up and I
can see all these Shadows eerily moving
around so the source of light is moving
because it's causing the Shadows on the
inside of the car to move
weird and uh and then one of the kids
says I'm getting out and the guy's
telling him not to get out and he's like
I'm getting out anyway and he gets out
and then the next thing you see is a
orange disc shaped thing just wobbling
in like like it looks like magic of the
way it just kind of just hovers there
like this and I tell you man I was like
holy [__] where did you get this so I
was telling the story to Logan Paul he's
like yeah yeah the footage the
disappears I said well you know this guy
Chuck Clark apparently still has it but
it had been 26 years of a VHS tape
playing over and over and over and over
and over yeah it's going to be seriously
degraded anybody knows half inch VHS
playing over those heads for 25 years
it's not going to look great it's going
to have Dropout Galore I mean you
know
so so I guess I at the time at that time
and this guy's so pissed off with me now
he won't even talk to me but whatever
sorry you know I feel like the one that
he should be pissed off with is Chuck
Clark for not sharing that footage when
he could have right yeah wait who's
pissed off of you oh the this he's a
private investigator I can't remember
his name up top but any case I wouldn't
say it anyway he's up said but he had
found Chuck Clark and he was in touch
with Chuck Clark I said do not mention
my name because if you do Chuck Clark's
not going to meet with you cuz Chuck
Clark is pissed off at me because I
asked him every two years for 15 years
to get that tape he said you ask me
again I'm never speaking to you and I
asked him again because I had somebody
come along that was willing to give 30
grand for it so I said I'll ask can I
asked and that was it he cut me loose
never going to talk to me again and he's
he's a man of his word so so I told I
said keep my name out of it and and so
this guy's going to go out and Chuck
says yeah I still have the VHS tape I'll
show it to you and this is a couple
years ago
so yeah about a couple years ago so I'm
I'm telling like after the Logan B
interview you know they shut the cameras
off and we're talking and Logan I said
well you know the guy's GNA go I got
this guy he just contact me I never met
him but he's going to go meet with Chuck
Clark and Logan's like well where is he
I like he's in Arizona somewhere in
remote Arizona so Logan's like I'm going
to meet I'm going to meet with him I
said do whatever you got to do to get
that footage you know like that's been
sitting way too long so I guess he
brought like a I want to say about 100
grand in cash I think I think it was 100
Grand was at least 50 might have been
100 and I can ask him and he gets out
there and he's got a couple of button
cams on his thing and you know the tape
was pretty pretty degraded you know and
uh but he
filmed could I see it again you know and
reposition
played a bunch of times and uh I guess
he offered him 100 Grand but he wouldn't
take it and um anyway that whole story
broke and guy wouldn't take 100 grand
for evidently he's not going to sell it
it's not going to happen and so here's
the real kicker what really gets
me uh so I don't know what Logan's going
to do with the footage but Logan said
it's pretty he's like you could see it
wobbling but it's really degraded I mean
again VHS tapes don't last you know
should have been digitizer put on the
footage is compelling not
convincing it's from
1995 the tape had been worn down it's
been played probably over a hundred
times and so the quality is not great
and everything about it screams [__]
which is the true reason I haven't
released it but before that happened and
right around that time this really
frustrates me I contacted George knp and
I said George this as I was wrapping up
the phenomenon I said George you have
got to go and get this tape from Chuck
Clark or at least see it George is like
oh yeah I know Chuck Clark I did a whole
story on him for the news local news
station his place was was ransacked by
the by the feds you know they came in
and I don't know what he had maybe had
photographs of planes and Hangers I
don't know but he had that or maybe it
was that footage don't
know I said you got to go you got to go
and I kept telling him like I can't do
it but I'm telling you I've seen this
tape and it's amazing and like you got
to go find he's like I'll get on it and
I kept pushing George and I like George
NAB a lot and I have tremendous respect
for him and I kept pushing him and one
day he goes listen man you're not my
damn wife or you know my girl stop
needling me just stop I said he goes I'm
really big I said okay sorry I'm just
trying to hand you what I feel is the
best you've done all this reporting for
all these years on Area 51 and bobar and
UFOs at Area 51 and I saw the best
footage I've ever seen in my life out
there
so George knap doesn't event doesn't go
out there the guy that gave it to Chuck
Clark was a TV producer in Los Angeles
and he had it on like a beta SP tape and
a master I'm told and he from that
Master he gave a copy to Chuck Clark
right so as soon as the the the private
eye and my got the name of that
individual we went after him and he had
just died so if we would have gotten
there just if if George would have
gotten there just a month or two earlier
we probably would have had the master on
beta SP so we contacted the the the
guy's Network where he worked then we
contacted his son got in touch with his
son and his son couldn't be bothered
he's like my dad just died you're
talking to me about a UFO tape like you
know what I mean and so it might be ripe
I can't really do it because Chuck
doesn't like me and now this new private
eye because of Logan Paul going out with
cameras he found out and now he's pissed
at me you know and I'm like you know
what all's Fair like as far as I'm
concerned Chuck Clark's the one that
kept this really compelling data hidden
for 20 I even said to Chuck just put me
in touch with the guy that gave it to
you and let me talk to them yeah and he
wouldn't do it so Chuck was kind of in
on it so anyway I went to Area 51 just
like last year and I went to the little
alien and I talked to some people there
that there that have known me since I
was in my 20s and she was like you think
we're that stupid you don't think we
would have made a digital copy uh and
looked at me oh wow give me your number
let me talk you know and she's like
there's reasons why that tape hasn't
been leaked like that I was said well
can you tell me uh she's like no but you
think we're stupid you don't think we
made a digital copy and looked at me
like that well there you go and then she
just walked away I was like so wow so
you know Logan Paul's like you know this
is seriously eroded and chewed up and
but yes he's it's why so why won't he
put the video If like well it's risky
for him cuz Chuck said I'll sue you oh
he did for one and two he can handle
it's not you know it's not Crystal Clear
it's I saw it when it was a week old
yeah yeah yeah you know I saw it it was
pretty damn impressive yeah and this is
a button cam version cam of a screen
that double corrupted yeah he tried to
buy it he tried to get he said he had a
stack and nope wasn't having it so the
unfortunate thing is the guy that gave
him that I'm sure there was a master
tape hopefully they when they cleared
out his cubby holes at this at this news
organization they didn't throw
everything away hopefully maybe his son
got it but man I've been chasing it
since I was your age you know I mean
younger than you like I've done
everything I can it's not like I'm
giving up or anything but I'm busy
making the program I got to go back to
Brazil it'll come back around if I got
to go back to Brazil I got to update
that film I got an event the next Press
Club I want to do yeah I want to film
that it's going to be a modern day
version of I know what I saw like I wish
I could clone myself there's only so
much I can do and I'm raising a
10-year-old you know it's like yeah yeah
yeah it's the most important thing yeah
most important thing and I you know and
I'm dealing with like nightmares
scenarios with all these different
distributors yeah yeah yeah Jesus not
making it easy on here you know no no no
well hey you're doing a hard a hard
thing you're getting a very important
core truth out and it would make S you
signed up for a hard you know it's a
hard long road so at least I'm getting
laughed at a little less lately oh yeah
I've been getting laughed at I've got
laughed at my whole hey you should feel
very my whole adult life that's amazing
I mean I mean that that's a lot of laugh
that's a lot of laughter but you you
should be laughing now because you you
really I think have been Vindicated and
proven right on a lot of a lot of stuff
and you were there before it was popular
so I think well we have we have you and
I are indebted like you know we've got
people like Stanton man and Dr heinik
yeah and um uh kho and you know all
these people that came before us that
were Advocates and pushing and they
really had it tough like my God yeah
right I mean they never got to see what
we're seeing right now yeah I'm so
fortunate as someone who's been doing
this as long as I have to see what's
happening today it's fast I was when I
watch those congratul I'm not kidding
man I had tears just flowing down my
face for an hour and a half straight
yeah I was it's coming out look yeah
we're not having the you know the
progress that we'd like to see is
happening as quickly I say be patient
you guys like I was in that room you you
should have been in that room for me I I
had a conflicting I had a conflicting
thing and I just simply couldn't be
there something going on for a filming I
was delivering something I can't
remember I was like if I killed myself I
could have made it but it was like that
kind of situation right yeah but I just
say you know be patient there's we're
going to see significant push back L is
On's book there's other documentaries
there's the program coming out I don't
see quite honestly how the program is
not going to make waves yeah I think we
put together a pretty compelling case oh
it's incredible it's awesome like I
think it will make waves and and and I
pushed it I wanted a good strong base
hit because I knew that I couldn't take
the time that it took to produce the
phenomenon I mean the phenomenon in my
opinion I hate to toot my own horn it
was a group effort but it's kind of a
masterpiece in terms of like the
production qualities and the b-roll and
the archive footage that we got and
stitching the the whole story together I
worked with this guy Mark barish he's
really brilliant writer he was really
instrumental in helping like Stitch it
all together in a in a very
comprehensive way and I'm very proud of
that film and I'll always be proud of
that film but this is timely things are
moving quickly right now and I wanted to
get the program out as quickly as I
could because it's relevant now yes and
a lot of the people that are risking
themselves coming forward and meeting
with me they want it out now because
they want to keep that momentum and so
um but I'm still very proud of it I
think it's a very good you know what I
mean by the assertion that the US
government has spaceships of non-human
intelligence in their possession that
kind of Revelation unearths people's
beliefs I would go to jail to say things
that I've been exposed
to in the
program um no the uh Gary McKinnon who
I've known about for a while he's you
know a story that's out there this this
hacker from the UK yes who
is hacking into like American Military
databas biggest hack in US history he's
getting into NSA archives NSA Dia CIA
NASA you name it and a page comes up and
it's this list of 11 or 12 off Planet
officers after a year he got paid to it
and I found the next s spread sheet that
was actually called or at least in the
heading of the column it said
non-terrestrial officers that's like my
God that's just non terrestrial offic
non terrestrial officers with um ranks
and names mhm and uh then a separate
sheet uh with tabs for material transfer
between ships and these were I mean I
don't remember the names now that's a
long time ago a lot of people give me a
hard time for not remembering the names
and stuff but it was a long time ago
that's crazy yeah so I've always that's
always stuck in my head cuz in my mind
in the UFO world you have people like
you doing very hard-headed and bullets
investigations and then you have the
kooky like secret space program like
really weird stuff like they operation
solar Warden and you know 20 in back you
get your you know you go to somewhere
and like I I've always been super
skeptical of that but when I hear that
this guy Gary McKinnon who's in the
program you interview who just seems so
normal incredible right yeah just like a
actually like a cool guy you know he
clearly made a big mistake but but but
but outside of you know some some big
issues oh God that talking head song
what have I done remember one of my
favorite LS in the movie oh that's what
that talking head song Oh God what done
yeah that's right he says that yeah he
got caught that's what he said that's
funny and he has a guitar in the back
he's like a funny guy so you know he
just doesn't see he seemed like in over
his head but not a liar at all no so God
no and so and so what what is how do you
interpret that you see a page of off
Planet EXT terrestrial officer EXT is it
extraterrestrial or off Planet
extraterrestrial I'm pretty sure okay
either but you could Google that but I'm
pretty sure it's extraterrestrial yeah
cuz I remember going crazy well
extraterrestrial could that be cuz
you're off Planet would that
be right astronauts that be extral offic
but officer no an astronauts not an
officer a list of extraterrestrial
officers you just astronaut you wouldn't
say officer right right yeah so yeah
that's really weird I mean gosh and that
was like how do we get that list I know
God can you imagine what like what is
that and then the craft the craft is
very similar to what crashed in in um
God and that was 96 MH that's when the
UFO crashed in Brazil but it was a
cylindrical shape um uhuh metallic
object that no rivets no yeah all that
and and and quite similar to what he
described except his had like a little
like little B well he draws it it's
basically a cigar with a thing here and
a thing there on either end but but but
what like unless they were messing with
him like you know which they didn't I
mean he's still a criminal according to
the US he can't leave leave England and
what England and Wales Wales yeah yeah
that's right he's restricted there for
the rest of his life so yeah that's just
what's going on with that that I mean
that's it's it's I find that interesting
because at least to me they wanted to
lock him up for like 60 years yeah yeah
I mean it's that's a but it's also it's
like that's real jail time that's real
jail time but when you look at these
crashes that occur near nuclear sites I
don't want to say but still it should be
mind-blowing for the average person
right I think for me or you it's a
little like okay yeah it's expected
that's not quite as mind-blowing when
you see this new fact this you know this
guy hacking into you know these super
Mak Wonder makes you wonder it makes you
wonder and you know it's funny
because I'd forgotten about that aspect
of what he'd seen I forgot about that I
remembers that he saw photographic
evidence and then he brought it up again
and while that while I was thinking
about that it was just like
extraterrestrial
officers what and then I
interview the individual uh US Air Force
X in the film and he talks about this
alleged encounter at Nellis in '94 with
a guy dressed in you know military
outfit that clearly according to him did
not appear to be human M um um I started
thinking about the exential officers I
was like God is that what they were
talking about like we're in touch and
there other like you had mentioned
earlier about books that have been
written from military people about
encounters with these alleged encounters
with these
uh the Ling at hman like I don't know
man there's no smoke without fire right
well you have you have to Discount
everything not to believe any of it
absolutely well you have well you have I
think you have to need gradations of
probability and and that's okay you can
say I think this is 20% probable but
worth cataloging in my mind and not
forgetting about and then looking for
more corroboration but admitting that
it's low probability and I think most
people they think in this sort of 2D
like yes or no binary but you can but
you know High mesed you know who's head
of the Israeli space force who oh I
remember that yeah right like two years
ago right two years ago he writes his
biography and he it was like yeah he my
God are you kidding me there's a
Galactic Federation he says that they're
on Mars and you know people know how to
that like the just right over the head
of almost everybody when you make those
kind of statements because not to say
they're not true or maybe they are true
I don't know but it's like a give you an
example of how it's almost too much to
process because when I did moment of
contact I just got back from Brazil and
I had this like news organization at my
house with Leslie Kane interviewing me
and oh we're so excited let's talk about
Brazil I was like yeah now I'm not going
to talk about that case cuz I they
weren't ready for it it right live
aliens all the rest of it
well um what was the example I was going
to use uh I just lost my train of
thought
with um yeah with with okay I
interviewed some hospice workers in the
90s that had that
huge uh Boomerang shaped craft that we
talked about earlier in March 13th 1997
including the governor of Arizona 5
Simon all saw this massive and there
were other UFOs too but one in
particular it was of Interest was this
Boomerang shaped apparently it was some
people say it was a mile across some
people say it was two miles across it
was colossal and it flew over people's
homes silently and like made no noise
and they could see compartments in the
metal I me it was massive and I
interviewed this group of hospice
workers I there was like five or six of
them all together and uh they were
sitting there having tea it was late in
the afternoon and this thing went right
over the top of them and they said it
took like 5 minutes to pass overhead and
the reason why I'm telling you this is
that after it passed over head they just
went right back to their
conversation and I'm like you didn't get
up and call 911 get a camera like Chase
it with your car like nothing they said
no I said so you hang on so all five of
you stood here you know sat here looking
up at this thing as it passed overhead
and you say it took like five minutes
that's how big it was and and then you
did nothing and they said yep I don't
know why we just didn't do anything we
didn't call we didn't yell for my
husband we didn't get in our car and cuz
I was like get in the car chase it you
get camera didn't do any of that and I
just
thought maybe it's just too much for
people to process like when they hear
like sometimes the mainstream media
that's not educated on this topic and
even it's hard for me to process things
sometimes like the crash retrieval stuff
and people testifying like I never saw
thought I'd see that that day in my
career and so with this statements
you're saying from this israelian
military official was he intelligence or
something I know I read about it he was
head of the so space force I believe uh
you have the nro which is like Optical
observation in Recon and then in
National reconnaissance office and then
you have space force which supports
other you know Navy military but with
comms and so he's head of the Israel
equivalent of space force okay which is
an extremely important position they're
doing all their you wouldn't put a wacko
ahead of that no but but my point is is
like that you know you got someone of
that level of credibility of that level
of of of government Insider military
Insider coming forward and making those
statements it's almost like the media
doesn't know how to process it I with
30-year background of looking into these
cases all around the world I have a hard
time processing right so it's like I'm
only going to imagine what the media
it's like if you make those statements
and they're that significant why
wouldn't you put some of the resources
that we put in for president sexual
picadillos like if you put on Tenth the
resources into investigating some of
these claims let's get to the bottom of
it or David Rush yeah super what David
David came forward like he put in his
credibility he lost his position like he
at Great sa at Great personal sacrifice
he came forward the implications of what
he's saying are so profound yeah Beyond
how could you possibly not put some
resources and follow up I mean news
nation's really the only outfit out
there really sticking their teeth into
this talk right with well I I did a
piece with them too but but I I kept
thinking the whole time why why why am I
in this POS I mean I've become close
with him but I'm like you know it you
did a great piece and it was but my
point is why isn't Fox News CNN to
totally I kept thinking the whole time
all be doing about resources and contact
well the the the backstory is they they
had an opportunity the New York I mean
Leslie Kane published the initial
article that prompted the whole thing
but she had to do it in the debrief
because Julian Barnes who I know I was
right there when it was all going down
he has a bias against the whole I spoke
to her at the um Barnes has a bias he
hates the UFOs and it was her biggest
story in 2017 right wasn't the most
popular stories they've ever published
when I was I sat next to her at the at
the Congressional hearing and I was like
why didn't that go in the New York Times
he was like Julian he was like maybe I
can I'll cut this if I'm throwing her
under the bus by saying this but like
she was like they just are anti was
going it was going to go to the
Washington Post and it was going to go
to Politico which is which shows that it
would have gone to Politico but Politico
needed another week and I guess uh gush
was really worried I mean he it had to
come out because his name was out
already and the News nation pieace was
going to run and they were going to run
run that yeah the execution of how that
all came about and it wasn't anyone in
particular fault you know I guess the
New York Times was looking into it for
quite some time and they did they take a
pass well so uh Leslie Kane is a staff
writer for the New York Times I think
her default was I want to do this on the
New York Times but I number one I they
were like you can't do this here which
is insane because I guess they want to
speak to one of the 40 Witnesses fine
you should be able to speak to one of
the 40 Witnesses however not not saying
that him coming out is worthy of a story
given Dave's credentials is is showing
that you have a complete bias it's it's
ridiculous because that is a story and
it's a story when you have you see the
Publications like the the the the the
stories that have been published in the
New York Times post yeah oh for the
break like well they've been in April of
you know 22 or something they were
saying that Co was zuntic origin like
after everyone in their mother was
saying this is obviously came from a lab
they were sticking with the you know
idiot party line so like yeah I don't
know I I get I think some of their
contacts in the Intel said you want you
want to continue a nice relationship of
course yeah yeah there's nothing to the
story no that's exactly what happen it
that's exactly what happened don't you
think I I know that and I've also I've
helped since then with trying to get uh
gush's oped out or whatever a little bit
and like I I I see the the pain he's
going through I worked so hard to
portray him in the light that he
deserves in the program I he did you
know what I mean yeah yeah like I hope I
hope he sees that sure he will I told
him that yeah and he was like awesome oh
I'm really glad yeah because you know I
don't blame him and he was a bit
skittish and he was very selective with
a handful of interviews that he gave you
being one of them and and uh and I
talked to somebody there and even Leslie
tried to get him for an upcoming
production he's like you know I'm just
not not really doing it anymore yeah
yeah yeah I don't blame him you know I
don't blame him I don't either I don't
yeah but I really tried to do his story
Justice and not for any other reason
that I believe him I believe him and I
think he merits that that level of of of
coverage I fully agree you know yeah
James this has been an honor man this is
this is awesome I really appreciate it's
been a long time coming yeah thank you
for coming cool yeah cool